Clind’s Teleportation―― which he described as Compression, was something Petra had last experienced about a month ago, and Meili a few days prior.

Petra: [It might be surprising the first time, but there’s no need to be afraid.]

With that, Petra, drawing on her experience, offered the inexperienced Flam some advice.

She worried that without proper warning of what was to come, Flam might panic, but she simply shook her head with a “No,”

Flam: [There is no need to worry, as most surprises cannot surpass those of the young master.]

???: [That guy, even his own Camp treats him like a complete shocker of a human? How crazy is that!?]

Even “Subaru” was astonished by that overly straightforward comment.

However, Petra also knew from Subaru’s memories shared via the Book of the Dead that Reinhard had blown up a building with a single swing of his sword and sent Meili’s sister flying, so she understood Flam’s unusually calm attitude towards the abnormal.

???: [Even if Flam-chan is o~kay, I hope the sleeping Sensei-san doesn’t wake u~p. Little Crimson Scorpion-chan was really panicked the first time Butler-san transported u~s.]

Petra: [That reminds me, is there such a thing as teleportation sickness? When we were in Vollachia, some people were fine with Spica-chan’s Teleportation, but others weren’t.]

Her hair rustling, Meili shrugged, and the little Crimson Scorpion peeked out from inside, raising its pincers as if to imitate its master.

The previous comment reminded Petra of the Teleportation ability of Spica, who had been left behind in the Empire―― whether due to physical constitution, individual strength, or weakness, those who were unable to handle it simply could not. While Petra was on the side of those who could handle it, Garfiel was on the side of those who could not, and would curl up and sulk afterward.

Then, in response to Petra’s question, Clind raised a finger with a “That is interesting. Consideration,”

Clind: [Although the number of times it has been used and the number of people who have tried it are not that many, no one has fallen ill. Reassurance. Strictly speaking, the Authority of Tristitia is not Teleportation, but rather the result of the Compression of the time and distance that would normally be traveled. Abridgment.]

Meili: [I have no idea what that means, no matter how many times I hear i~t.]

“Subaru”: [So, does that mean it’s okay to think of it like King Crimson? No, it’s unclear whether it erases even the effects in between, so maybe it’s different from King Crimson…] [1]

Petra: [There’s no need to worry about getting sick, and it gives us the power to create the precious time we need. Knowing that is good enough for now.]

Petra came to that conclusion, Meili gave a look of bewilderment, and “Subaru” mused over it in his own way.

She could have understood what “Subaru” meant, but she felt it would be a waste of time and thought to dwell on the contents of his speech. If she had the time, she would like to confirm all the memories and knowledge that had been poured into her mind and become someone who knew everything about Subaru, but――.

Petra: [Clind-niisama, can I ask you something?]

Far from fulfilling that desire, the time spent on it would be a waste, and so Petra prompted Clind.

The lens of his monocle glistened, and Clind nodded, “Yes. Timely.” Considering the phenomenon he was preparing to bring about, his attitude was reassuringly calm.

Then, while Petra was admiring that, Meili tugged on her sleeve with a “Hey,”

Meili: [Petra-chan, about the compensation we were talking about earlie~r…]

Petra: [――. It’s okay, Clind-niisama said it was good.]

Meili: [That’s not what I mea~nt… I don’t know the reason myself, but if you have to lose something, Petra-chan, then I don’t like i~t.]

Petra: [Lose something…]

Meili seemed overwhelmed by her emotions, and Petra blinked in surprise at her words.

Her friend’s frank concern along with Clind’s assessment of the compensation she had offered―― the emotions that flooded Petra’s heart at that moment were intensely complex and profound.

With that, Petra smiled at Meili and,

Petra: [Thank you, Meili-chan. But really, I’ll be fine.]

Meili: […If that’s a lie, then you’re terri~ble.]

Petra smiled and nodded at the poorly thought-out threat that had been mustered up after some deliberation.

She gently let go of her sleeve and held her hand close to her chest, then looked for “Subaru”. Petra knew his illusory form would not leave her behind, but it was a matter of principle.

When she spotted his translucent form, “Subaru” was gazing out in the distance at the Sand Sea.

“Subaru”: [If I had been a bit more careful, I wouldn’t have caused you so much trouble.]

In the eastern sky―― where the very air cried out in agony, the sky turned a sickening hue, and the sound of the earth being gouged away roared, there the battle between the Sword Saint and the Witch of Envy raged on.

It was a clash between two immensely powerful entities that would determine the fate of the world. Seeing “Subaru’s” frustrated expression, watching as he lamented his own inadequacy, Petra was overcome with sadness.

Worried about his friend, Subaru did not mention the recent exchange between Petra and Clind, showing respect for Petra’s wishes.

In essence, Petra could not hide anything from him, as he existed within her mind; if he wanted to, he could easily reveal all the information she had kept from him.

However, the Imaginary Subaru did not do so. ――Whether this was due to “Subaru’s” decency and thoughtfulness, or his intention to do as she said, or perhaps because Petra’s self-consciousness, affection, and memories were all muddled together, she could not tell.

However, regardless of which it was, this was what Petra thought.

Whether it was out of consideration or because it was what Petra desired, the way “Subaru” behaved was based on how Petra Leyte saw the real Natsuki Subaru.

With that in mind――,

Petra: [Clind-niisama, if you would be so kind.]

Clind: [――Understood. Commendation.]

Still embracing her love for “Subaru”, Petra gave the signal to Clind.

Petra, Meili, and Flam. With Patrasche pulling the dragon carriage, plus the unconscious Garfiel and Ezzo, there were six people and one dragon in total. ――Add to that “Subaru” and the little Crimson Scorpion, and the group, with the help of Clind, began their journey.

To that end, Petra offered the “compensation” to Od Lagna――,

Petra: [――――]

In an instant, in the literal blink of an eye, the world shifted, and the Compression was finished.

When she closed her eyes and opened them again, the scenery had completely changed. The taste of the air on her tongue and skin and the scent of the world that touched her sense of smell had changed dramatically, and Petra realized the Authority had been used.

Petra: [――――]

For a moment, Petra closed her eyes and thought about the reality of running away.

However, she set aside her sentimentality with a momentary prayer, then focused her attention on the task at hand. From this point on, Petra and her companions could not afford even a single misstep.

Indeed, Petra gathered her resolve and――,

???: [Woah!? W-what’s going on!? A dragon carriage just appeared out of nowhere!?]

???: [Is, is it Reinhard!? Only he could do something so ridiculous!]

???: [Am I dreaming? Toto! Totooo! Lend me your soft lap!]

???: [Oh, be quiet! What’s all the commotion… W-where did you come from!?]

Petra’s enthusiasm was dampened by the noisy and unruly welcome they received at the compression destination.

“Subaru”: [What!? Rom-jii is one thing, but Tonchinkan too!? Tonchinkan! Why are they with him!? How and why!?]

And, the final note to add was that Subaru was the first to respond to the warm welcome, loudly expressing his surprise at such an unexpected turn of events.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [Petra-chan! Meili! Are you both okay!?]

Petra: [――Hk.]

“Subaru”: [Emilia-tan…!]

As soon as Petra saw that change in expression and Emilia rushing towards them, Petra experienced sweet feelings erupting from within her heart.

Warm, fuzzy, and sentimental feelings filled her chest to the point it tingled, and her head was overflowing with flowery words praising her beauty and cuteness. Those powerful emotions were not just limited to her appearance, but extended to her mannerisms, her way of speaking, and even the sound of her footsteps.

Petra: [Too blatant… hk.]

Petra’s head reeled from the wave of easy-to-understand, intense emotions that washed over her.

Up until now, the biggest influence of the Book of the Dead was undoubtedly the existence of the Imaginary Subaru, but the shock caused by seeing Emilia was just as great.

Frankly speaking, an overdose of Emiliase might be life-threatening――,

Petra: [Why am I saying such stupid things? I…!]

Suddenly feeling as if half her consciousness were being taken away, Petra frantically grabbed at her collar, nearly losing sight of what was real, and managed to stay grounded in reality.

As expected, the love for Emilia was overflowing in an excessively bold manner.

That in itself made her feel a little jealous, but more than that, although Petra was happy to see Emilia again, it bothered her that her own precious feelings toward Emilia were being pushed aside, and she found that difficult to accept.

That was why, when Emilia found them and ran up to them with tears in her eyes, her face so beautiful it took Petra’s breath away, Petra resisted the urge to think she was EMT and spread her arms wide.

And then――,

Petra: [Emilia-neetama…!]

Emilia: [Nee-tama!?]

With a grand slip of the tongue, she startled Emilia just as they were about to have their emotional reunion.

She narrowly avoided calling her “Emilia-tan” and tried to correct herself, but missed the mark. It was a blunder very uncharacteristic of Petra.

Regardless――,

Emilia: [But, thank goodness… Both of you actually came.]

Petra: [Yes. I am relieved that you are safe, Emilia-neesama.]

Overcome with emotion, Emilia embraced Petra, who replied and returned her embrace.

In contrast to Petra, Meili, who was also being hugged, reacted awkwardly, gasping, “I can’t brea~the…” and timidly wrapped her arms around Emilia’s back.

“Subaru”: [Woah! It’s such a relief to see Emilia-tan safe and sound! Huh? Has she gotten even cuter since I last saw her? She’s got so much potential!]

While he observed Emilia embracing Petra and Meili from various angles, the floating “Subaru” was overwhelmed with emotion. He was getting a bit too excited. But that was understandable.

After all, given the chronology of the Book of the Dead, the last time “Subaru” saw Emilia was when she was at her lowest point in the Sanctuary.

Back then, Petra had not been as close to Emilia as she was now, so she would not have been able to help her. If even Petra felt regretful about that, then the frustration that “Subaru” experienced up close back then must have been incomparable.

“Subaru”: [Oh! My goodness, Petra! Look! Emilia-tan is walking so energetically!]

Petra: [Yeah, she’s walking with long strides. That’s great.]

“Subaru”: [I’m relieved…! I’m so relieved…!]

Because of that, Petra hesitated to pour cold water on Subaru’s excitement. While responding appropriately to Subaru’s enthusiasm, Petra quietly savored a sense of relief.

Her relief was due to one thing―― seeing Emilia, and not being afraid.

Petra: [The last thing I saw in the Book of the Dead…]

Trapped in the endless, obsessive shadows that surrounded them in the Sanctuary, Natsuki Subaru was caught in a web of inescapable torment, and in order to escape the Witch, he had resorted to the method of suicide prepared as a form of harrassment.

In that final moment, Subaru/Petra saw it. ――The terrifying Witch of Envy had the same face as the person he greatly cherished.

Petra: [――――]

When she tried to think more thoroughly about the reason, it felt like she was trying to grasp something shrouded in mist, and nothing coherent came to mind. Still, the vivid emotions remained seared into her mind.

That was why she was apprehensive about seeing Emilia again. ――No, that was not quite right. To be precise, she was apprehensive that she might not be able to see Emilia in the same way as before.

Petra: [But I’m glad it didn’t end up that way… Although I’m excited in a different way than before.]

Emilia: [Huh? Petra-chan, are you okay?]

Petra: [I am fine. I am just happy to see you, Emilia-neesama.]

Petra hid her inner conflict and was genuinely happy to be reunited with Emilia, who smiled with wide eyes. In place of Meili, who continued to be stubborn, the little Crimson Scorpion on her head snapped its pincers, expressing happiness on its master’s behalf.

And then, there was――,

???: [――Just when I thought it was gettin’ lively, you’re here, lass.]

There, a low, husky voice interrupted, and Emilia let out a gasp of surprise.

Emilia had left the door open when she rushed in, and a prominent figure standing there knocked on the door and peered inside.

That figure was――,

Emilia: [Felt-chan’s grandfather!]

Emilia’s eyes widened at the sight of the old man, Rom-jii, who squeezed himself through the doorway. Hearing Emilia’s voice, Rom-jii gave an amused smile and stroked his bald head,

Rom: [The way ya say that makes it sound like ya really think we’re related… Everyone here calls me Rom-jii. But, this is the first chance we’ve had ta talk properly.]

Emilia: [Um, well, I couldn’t talk to you in the castle on the day the Royal Selection began, and when Felt-chan stole my insignia, there was no time to calm down and talk…]

Meili: […You don’t have to worry so much. I understand the circumstances, so it’s oka~y.]

Emilia greeted Rom-jii, and as she responded to his greeting, she seemed to be worried about Meili in her arms. Meili responded with an attitude that was half annoyed and half appreciative of the concern.

The current exchange between the two of them was regarding Emilia’s connections with Rom-jii. ――She was concerned about the fact that Meili’s older sister, Elsa, was involved in the previous incident where Felt had stolen an insignia that qualified Emilia to participate in the royal section from her. 

When one thought about it, these three people had quite a strange connection. If “Subaru” were to be included, it would be four people with a strange connection. If Reinhard was also included, there would be no end to it.

Rom: […Callin’ ya “lass” seems inappropriate, given yer current position. May I call ya Emilia?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s fine. Nice to see you again, Rom-jii.]

“Subaru”: [Wow… It feels like a historic moment, these two actually introducing themselves properly.]

Petra: [Don’t be so dramatic.]

As Emilia and Rom-jii shook hands and exchanged pleasantries, Petra found it funny that Subaru would use such a grand word like “historic”.

While there was undoubtedly a sense of poignancy, the way he put it made it sound like he had witnessed the reunion of two people who had not seen each other in over ten years.

But, putting “Subaru’s” excitement aside for now――,

Emilia: [I’ve heard about Felt-chan, too. It must have been quite a difficult time for you and the others, right, Rom-jii?]

Rom: [Hmm, that’s right. We should talk ’bout that. Petra.]

Petra: [Yes. It will probably take a little while for Clind-niisama to return, so I think we can start without him… It is a race against time after all.]

Petra added the last part, and Emilia and Rom-jii nodded deeply at the same time.

Yes, this was a race against time. That was why Petra and the others resorted to using unfair tactics.

――Currently, Petra and the others were gathered at the Royal Residence in the Royal Capital of Lugunica.

Among the Emilia camp, whose members were scattered and acting independently, Emilia’s position was clear, and if anyone was to become the central rallying point, it could only be her.

With that in mind, Petra hurried to the Royal Capital after meeting up with Rom-jii and the others using Clind’s Compression, but――,

Rom: [It’s shockin’ ta see the state of destruction in the Royal Capital.]

Meili: [It’s been a while since I’ve been to the Royal Capital, but when I last saw it, it wasn’t so ruined, and I don’t think there weren’t any works of art like tha~t.]

Rom-jii spoke with his arms crossed, and Meili, who was looking out the window, joined in.

Unlike the two with prior experience, this was Petra’s first time in the Royal Capital. Fortunately, the memory she had just recalled of the loot house was located in the slums of the Royal Capital, so she was able to compare it with her memories of the Royal Capital from the past, when it was still intact.

Certainly, the Royal Capital in her memory did not have many flashy ice towers, and the Noble District, with its rows of stately houses, was not in such disarray.

Rom: [I never liked that awful place, but I never thought the Noble District’d be completely destroyed like that. I heard that everyone was evacuated, but still, this is outrageous.]

Petra: [Meili-chan also said that Emilia-neesama made those ice towers, right?]

Emilia: [Ah, um, well, there was a reason I did that! Everyone was reaaally in danger, and I couldn’t afford to hold back…!]

Emilia frantically tried to explain the drastic changes to the Royal Capital that could be seen from the Royal Residence, which had barely escaped damage.

Petra found her frantic movements endearing, and worked with Rom-jii to sort out what had happened one thing at a time――,

Petra: [――So, as expected, Al-san did it.]

Emilia: […That’s right. The city was thrown into chaos, all because I couldn’t stop Al.]

Petra: [It is not your fault, Emilia-neesama. Had you not created those ice towers, the people of the Royal Capital would have been in big trouble… that is why you are E.M.G. (Emilia-tan is seriously a Guardian Angel
!] [2]

Emilia: [Yeah, Petra-chan, thank you… huh? Wait, what did you just say?]

When Emilia blamed herself, Petra shook her head vigorously to deny that she was responsible.

Having heard that Al and Volcanica were involved, if anything, Petra felt responsible herself for the devastation that struck the Royal Capital of Lugunica. She could not help but think that if Al’s schemes had been stopped at their source in the Pleiades Watchtower, none of this would have happened.

Meili: [If you start talking like that, there will be no end to i~t. Each of us got outsmarted by Helmet-san at every ste~p. It’s Helmet-san and his group who were at fault, don’t you thi~nk?]

Rom: [That’s right. It’s good ta reflect on yer shortcomin’s in order ta make up for ’em, but regrettin’ yer lack of ability ain’t productive. It’s an old man’s rule of thumb.]

Emilia: [――. Yeah, you’re both right. Al did something bad, and he’s the one who has to take responsibility for it. We don’t have time to feel sorry for ourselves!]

Emilia’s cheeks tightened at Meili and Rom-jii’s words, and she regained her composure. Seeing Emilia’s reaction, Petra let out a small sigh and braced herself.

Just as everyone said, weakness disguised as reflection was a bad habit. There was always a path forward.

“Subaru”: [Al must think the same way… Otherwise, he wouldn’t have crossed the line to break a Sin Archbishop out of prison. What in the world was he thinking?]

“Subaru” picked up on Petra’s feelings and grimaced at Al’s outrageous behavior in the Royal Capital.

In fact, it was an outrageous act of terrorism to use Volcanica to cause massive damage to the Royal Capital, but that paled in comparison to his real objective―― breaking Gluttony out of prison.

The Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, who held a deep connection to Petra and the others, had been allowed to escape.

Rom: [Just listin’ all the things that man has done is mind-bogglin’. He attacked those connected ta the Royal Selection candidates ‘n kidnapped one of their knights. He turned Volcanica, the Divine Dragon ‘n protector of the Kingdom, against ‘em ‘n used the Witch of Envy ta prevent the Sword Saint from takin’ action. Furthermore, he took one of the Royal Selection candidates hostage ‘n invaded the Royal Capital, where he destroyed half of the Noble District ‘n freed an imprisoned Sin Archbishop.]

“Subaru”: [Damn, isn’t that something? How many years in prison would that get him?]

Petra: [He’d probably get the death penalty a hundred times over…]

Once again, the number and severity of Al’s―― no, of Al and his accomplices’ crimes were extraordinary.

It seemed as if he was determined to commit every evil deed in the world, but Petra believed that this was done not out of sheer recklessness, but rather something premeditated.

Yes, Al had a proper plan, and he was taking the necessary steps to achieve it, which just happened to be a series of crimes that were each close to being the crime of the century.

Meili: [Maybe it would have been better to reconsider a plan that required the involvement of a Sin Archbishop in the first pla~ce?]

Emilia: [There’s also the Witch of Envy, so there’s no excuse…]

To begin with, Petra had no reason to make excuses on his behalf.

Based on the impression given by the Book of the Dead, Subaru considered Al to be someone from his hometown―― someone he did not necessarily dislike, but he clearly went way beyond what was forgivable.

In that regard, it would be fair to say that this was the shared opinion of everyone gathered here―― no, everyone involved, including those who were not here.

Petra: [Right now, Clind-niisama is going around to gather everyone else and bring Frederica-neesama and the others here. Emilia-neesama, where is Otto-san?]

Emilia: [――Ah! Um, well, about Otto-kun.]

Petra: [That reaction tells me everything. He’s being reckless again.]

Emilia: [Ugh… yeah, that’s right. I’m sorry I couldn’t stop him.]

Slumping herself down, Emilia cast her eyes downward, ashamed of herself. But, Emilia was not the one at fault. If anyone were to be blamed, it would be Otto, and in this case, he was not entirely at fault either.

Among the members of the camp, Otto regularly acted recklessly; Petra, Frederica, and the others always told him he ought to take a break, but this time, that advice was not applicable.

In fact, Otto, who wielded the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language, was far too reliable in this situation.

Petra: [Using insects and birds for reconnaissance and espionage, huh? That Divine Protection sure has a lot of devious uses… but, that means undertaking a lot of labor in return.]

Meili: [Ara~, that’s exactly right. You can tell Hat-oniisan is a worri~er just by looking at him.]

Rom: [I’ve been around for a while, but I ain’t never heard of the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language. The fact that I’ve never heard of such a useful Divine Protection’s gotta be because no one who’s had it has lived long enough for people ta hear ’bout it.]

Meili chuckled, but Petra couldn’t help but agree with Rom-jii’s grim speculation.

It was true that overusing the Divine Protection of the Soul of Language was dangerous to one’s health, and Petra had also witnessed Otto suffering from nosebleeds after using his Divine Protection excessively in the Empire.

That, too, was out of necessity due to the demands of war, where there was no room for half measures.

Emilia: [He was worried about Subaru and the others, but he was especially concerned about Garfiel… he was reaaally determined to do something about it.]

Petra: [“Ottobro asked my amazin’ self to do this, ‘n I messed it up…”. Those two are so much alike.]

Meili: [Petra-chan, that was a surprisingly good impersona~tion!]

Regardless of Emilia and Meili’s surprised reactions, it was easy to imagine Otto and Garfiel wanting to do something reckless in such a situation.

Still in a comatose state, Garfiel had been left in the care of the Royal Capital’s Medical Center, but caution had to be taken to ensure that he would not blame or hurt himself once he regained consciousness.

Petra: [I hope Frufoo-chan will be able to keep Otto-san calm.]

With that, Petra worried about the well-being of the absent Otto.

No matter what sort of insect or animal he attempted to communicate with, Otto himself had to be present to interpret the information gathered. For this reason, Otto was tracking Al’s gang on his own―― or rather, with his long-time partner and beloved dragon, Frufoo.

“Subaru”: [Otto… I’m afraid he’ll mess up at a crucial moment, and I don’t know how much I’ll be able to rely on him.]

Petra: [If Otto-san were to hear that, he’d probably have the angriest face ever.]

Subaru had a tendency to take everything on by himself. Not just Otto, but anyone in the camp would be angry if they were told that; but, Petra thought Otto would be the most frightening.

Nevertheless, it was true that Otto should not bear this burden alone. If Clind could have brought Ram along, they could have shared the burden with the help of her Clairvoyance.

And then, just as she thought that, Petra suddenly remembered.

Petra: [Hey, Emilia-neesama, there’s something I wanted to ask you]

Emilia: [Hm? What is it, Petra-chan?]

Petra: [I don’t know if you’ve noticed, Emilia-neesama, but on the way here, Meili-chan and I suddenly started feeling sick…]

The question Petra had asked related to the events which occurred just after Flam had used the Divine Protection of Mindspeak with her sister Grassis in order to locate Rom-jii and the others, and as they were discussing rushing to the Royal Capital. ――Suddenly, Petra’s entire body broke out in goosebumps, and she was struck by an unsettling feeling within her heart.

Petra was so shocked, she had wondered if it was a side effect of the Book of the Dead, or if Reinhard had lost and the Witch of Envy was coming for her; but, Meili was experiencing the same sensation, so they concluded that it was neither.

Petra: [But, given the situation, right? Flam-chan and Rom-ojiisan weren’t affected, but Meili-chan, Clind-niisama, and I all felt it. In this case, I thought it might not be entirely unrelated to Al-san… Emilia-neesama?] [3]

It was an unusual situation, and even after discussing it with Meili and Clind, they had arrived at no conclusion.

Upon seeing Emilia’s reaction, Petra stopped sharing this potentially sensitive information. Emilia was staring intently with her beautiful amethyst eyes, her cheeks stiffening.

It was clear from her reaction that she understood what was said.

Emilia: […That reaaally creepy feeling, it’s probably the work of the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony.]

“Subaru”: […Did she say… Gluttony?]

Meili: [U~gh, it felt aw~ful.]

Subaru frowned at the mention of a Sin Archbishop, one of their most hated enemies, and Meili stuck out her tongue. Petra also put her hand on her chest, motioning with her eyes, prompting Emilia to continue.

Emilia: [I’m not exactly sure what happened. But Al made Gluttony… Roy, do something, and then I suddenly felt sick and while my vision was spinning…]

Petra: [Al-san and Gluttony both got away?]

Emilia: [Yes, that’s right.]

Emilia’s shoulders slumped dejectedly, as she weakly nodded.

In response to Emilia’s reply, Petra glanced at Rom-jii, and the wise old man in charge of the Felt camp stroked his head with his large hand and said,

Rom: [When this was just ‘bout Petra ‘n Meili, I was thinkin’ it was just some kinda misunderstandin’, but with Emilia feelin’ the same way on top of that, ‘n Gluttony bein’ involved, I don’t have a good feelin’ ’bout this.]

Petra: [What do we have in common…? We’re all Emilia-neesama’s allies, maybe?]

Meili: [It would be easier to figure out if the Fang-oniisan was awake, or if Hat-oniisan wasn’t keeping quiet over there, or if Subaru-oniisan hadn’t been captu~red.]

“Subaru”: [Including the current me, we’re three idiots with bad timing…]

As Petra predicted, Al was involved, but the fact that Gluttony was also involved made the uncertainty surrounding the unknown attack even more dire. ――Leaving Spica behind in the Empire had begun to feel like a mistake.

Spica, too, despite her many trials and tribulations, was one of the Sin Archbishops of Gluttony――,

Petra: [No, no, I shouldn’t think like that. I’m not the Master.]

What could be done and what could not be done, what would be useful and what would not.

If she were to start to determine a person’s value from that perspective, she would quickly become like Roswaal. Insight could be honed as much as one liked, but it was essential to be cautious to avoid losing one’s humanity.

Rom: [For now, let’s just be aware of Gluttony’s actions. So, according ta yer Internal Affairs Minister, their destination is…]

Emilia: [――Kararagi, the Grand Mogolade Geyser.]

Rom-jii attempted to change the direction of the conversation to move away from the inconclusive discussion, and Emilia picked up on his words.

That was the final destination of Al and his accomplices, and the circumstances that led to this discovery were――,

Rom: [They took Felt, ‘n she left behind a message for ya guys. I trust Felt completely, but I’m unsure ‘bout ya.]

Emilia: [You mean Otto-kun? I believe in him not just a hundred times, but a million times over.]

Petra: [Emilia-neesama, you are talking about quantity, but it is supposed to be a percentage. Still, it sounds cool.]

Emilia’s answer, which was not bound by the concept of percentages, warmed Petra’s heart, while Rom-jii and Meili looked on with wry smiles.

But Emilia answered Rom-jii’s questions thoroughly, which was typical of her.

“Subaru”: […You’re not just cute, you’ve gotten incredibly strong, Emilia-tan.]

Subaru stared at Emilia with a look of wonder.

The fact that this “Subaru“ was from the middle of solving the issues in the Sanctuary made it difficult for him to understand how Emilia had managed to grow and become so amazing.

She wanted to tell him.――That the Emilia of today had been forged in a three-legged race together with Subaru.

Petra: [No, there’s Beatrice-chan too, so it’s a four-legged race… if that’s the logic, then I want to join too, and Garf-san will get sulky if you don’t include him. Meili-chan, what about you?]

Meili: [What are you talking abou~t? It’s kind of scary when you suddenly start talking like Subaru-oniisa~n.]

“Subaru”: [That’s definitely something I would say, but Meili seems to understand it a bit too well, don’t you think?]

With a touch of lingering deep emotion, “Subaru” gave a wry smile at Petra and Meili’s conversation.

Regardless, Rom-jii seemed to be satisfied with Emilia’s answer, and it was shared that Al and his companions’ final destination was indeed the Grand Mogolade Geyser.

To be honest, she did not know what was in that place, but――,

Emilia: [Since we know where they are going, we should be able to get there first with Clind-san’s help.]

Petra: [――. Right. Rom-ojiisan, Tonchinkan-san and the others are…] 

Rom: [At present, everyone except the seriously injured shoulda entered the nearby town as instructed. That Clind boy… we can’t overuse his power, ain’t that right? We’ll plan accordingly.]

Rom-jii shrugged his broad shoulders, showing his understanding of Clind’s Authority without asking for further explanation.

Thanks to the “compensation” offered by Petra, the restrictions binding Clind’s Authority, Compression, were lifted. However, depending on the number of times it were to be used and the number of people involved, even that would become unable to completely cover the cost. First, they would need to prepare the field with the fewest number of people, then they would deploy as many people as possible once they had finished assessing the situation.

Thanks to the reckless actions of Otto, a ray of hope appeared in the midst of the preparations.

Furthermore, the more information they gathered about what sort of lineup Al and his party planned to arrive with before reaching their final destination, the better.

That was when――,

???: [――The means to accomplish those goals are already in our hands. Opportunity.]

Hearing that voice, Petra and the others turned around in unison, seeing the person whom they had been waiting for. Clind bowed, taking in their full attention. It was exactly the person they had wanted to talk to.

Emilia’s expression brightened up as she exclaimed, “Clind-san!” as if she had been waiting for the perfect moment,

Emilia: [Thank you for bringing Petra-chan and the others. Thanks to you, we were able to reunite properly.]

Clind: [I require no thanks. I returned to Mirula on my own accord, and it was Petra’s support that enabled me to meet your expectations. Encouragement. More importantly, my apologies for returning late. Remorse.]

Petra: [I don’t think you are particularly late, but did something happen? Clind-niisama?]

Clind slowly shook his head in apology, and Petra tilted her head in confusion.

Certainly, considering the nature of Compression, it may be said that Clind took some time to arrive at the Royal Residence. However, there must have been a need to explain the situation to the other parties at the pick-up location, so it did not seem like something that would warrant an apology for being late.

Perhaps it was a manifestation of his perfectionism, a trait of someone who was good at his job. Clind looked at Petra while she was thinking this, and said, “No. Negative,”

Clind: [As for the reason for the delay, rather than explaining it in words, it would be best for you all to experience it firsthand, as this would be the quickest and most reliable way to understand. Personal experience.]

“Subaru”: [Firsthand?]

Petra: [Experience?]

Petra and “Subaru” tilted their heads at the unnatural choice of words used to explain his tardiness.

Emilia and Meili seemed to have the same question, and Rom-jii, who was in the most objective position, crossed his arms and watched with interest to see what would happen.

Then, as everyone watched, Clind moved to the side of the room’s entrance,

???: [Ha. Kept you waiting, huh?]

With a dignified presence, a maid with pink hair strode boldly into the room, her brashly arrogant behavior perfectly suited to her―― it was none other than Ram.

The woman Clind had retrieved and rejoined with was wearing a maid outfit for the first time in a while, and Petra, who was also a maid, felt quite nostalgic for the uniform since it had been a long time since she had been able to wear it.

However――,

Emilia: [Ram, you came, ah…?]

Emilia was about to run up and greet Ram in her maid uniform with a smile, but her words were cut off. She stopped in her tracks, and the hand that had been reaching out to take Ram’s hand was pressed against her own forehead.

Emilia: [Uh, um.]

Emilia let out a confused-sounding voice.

Although she should have been worried about what had suddenly happened, Petra was unable to do so. This was because Petra, like Meili and Emilia, was racked by the same indescribable feeling.

Petra: [This, is――]

The moment Petra saw Ram, she was overcome by a massive, inexplicable, indescribable feeling of turmoil welling up from inside.

Petra felt an unbridled enigmatic feeling similar to the nausea she had described earlier, which had been attributed to Gluttony. However, while she had felt strong malice in that previous instance of discomfort, she did not feel anything of the sort this time.

This was not like that, but rather a different, stronger, more powerful attraction―― seeing Ram in a maid uniform brought out something intense from within.

And the answer to that attraction appeared immediately behind Ram.

It was――,

???: [――Apologies for being late to join you, Emilia-sama.]

With that, a blue-haired maid dressed in the same maid uniform as Ram stood beside her and performed a graceful curtsy.

Of course, it was a familiar face. However, as far as Petra knew, she was not in a position to perform with such perfect manners and wear a maid’s uniform. ――No, that was not right either.

Once again, and again, and again, her perception changed.

No. That was not right. It was absurd to think that she lacked the knowledge and manners of a maid. After all, she was the first person in this world to show Natsuki Subaru and Petra, who still had been a village girl at that time, what it meant to be a proper maid.

That attraction reminded Petra Leyte of this.

Namely, the one who stood there was――,

???: [To get back that person… no, Subaru-kun, Rem will use any means necessary.]

Yes, the Roswaal mansion’s original versatile helpful maid, known for her polite but sharp tongue, Rem, looked straight ahead with her pale-blue eyes as she declared so.



Translation Notes:

 

[1] King Crimson is a reference to an ability from Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure Part 5.

[2] Emilia-tan Maji Guardian Angel (E.M.G) with Guardian Angel being rendered in English.

[3] Clarification: Petra is being very polite with the use of “お爺さん” (Ojiisan), the nuance being different from that of other characters like Meili, who also use Ojiisan. This is also more polite than Subaru’s use of “爺さん” (Jiisan) for Rom in arcs one and three, which has been historically translated to “Old man.”
