*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

――Its visibility accompanied with a thundering clangour of the skies tearing apart, an enormous clod of rock fell.

Surely, a great margin of doubt existed whether simply “clod of rock” was enough of a descriptor for it.

After all, this clod of rock was at least a hundred metres in size with ease. No longer befitting to be called a clod of rock, but more so a rocky mountain levitating in the sky.

Fissures permeated through the rocky mountain and the hundred metre clod crumbled to pieces, followed by countless small―― yet five to ten metre sized boulders cascading upon the ground.

The boulders’ point of descent was the township of the Royal Capital, estimated casualties being around five to ten thousand people.

To execute this massive a massacre, the only ones of equitable kill rates in the present-day era would either be "Blue Lightning" Cecilus Segmunt, or the Sin Archbishops of "Greed" and "Sloth" alone.

Above all――,

Aldebaran: [Not limiting to just present-day, I suppose there were a good number of 'em in the past.]

Disgust dyed the fatigued voice, as Aldebaran viewed that atop a rampart.

Plan B―― the tactic of dropping the aforementioned rocky mountain was a foul play utilised by the cornered Aldebaran to create an opening for him to escape his predicament.

Considering the circumstances of him recoursing to this tactic, Aldebaran should have no leisure to halt still and go through with his escape as soon as possible, darting away from the Royal Capital whilst ignoring the wails of agony.

However, Aldebaran was incapable of that. ――Wielding responsibility, he must see through it with his own eyes.

Aldebaran: [As you'd expect.]

To the spectacle reflected in the squinted black pupils inside his helmet, Aldebaran murmured a husky commendation.

From the onset of the play where the rocky mountain thundered the rupturing of skies, an overwriting howl of the world no inferior to that occurred and a beautiful tower of ice stretching from the ground's surface intercepted the countless clods of rock from one side.

Inverse to its icy, congealed appearance, it was a warm hand of salvation abound in compassion and kind affection. On the other hand, the tower of ice glistening pale blue in light also seemed to reveal the user's deep sorrow.

Roy: [To think of it in that way~ is a bit too poet-y, don't you think, uncle?]

Saying so, Roy ridiculed Aldebaran who was viewing the spectacle, whilst being carried on his shoulder.

Roy was immobilised due to his fractured limbs, but he skilfully used his dorsal muscles to upraise his upper body, surveying the cataclysm that had assailed upon the Royal Capital atop of Aldebaran's shoulder.

He winced at him having healthy enough of a mouth to be babbling about everything despite being incapable of anything.

Aldebaran: [You too, your tongue's gone along so much with depicting my emotions that you're starting to sound poetic. Not that I know much, but that sense would've been much more fitting for your dead counterpart who personated "Gourmet" rather than you of "Bizarre Eating", no?]

Roy: [Haha-, taking a blow at a dead family member shows you had some pretty awful~ upbringing, no? Truth is, it wasn't us but Ley who went about evaluating what was eaten one way or another. What a mystery~. In the end, for we or us, what was eaten ended up at the same "Stomach of Souls", and yet.]

Aldebaran: [Now that's what you call a brazen thief, more like a brazen food snitcher.]

Roy: [Don't treat~ us like a thief. We just want to, eat a teensy bit more than full stomach…… just that's the kind of adorable gourmandizer we are, and yet.]

Always with a clapback. The unabating mouthed"Bizarre Eating's"wealth of lexicon and strength of debate stemmed from the efficacy of his Authority of "Gluttony" , and would be outstanding foremost among not only the Sin Archbishops, but the entire world.

It was easy to be deceived by his childish appearance and his manner of speech laying bare his rotten nature, but the being riding atop his shoulder was a monster of accumulated wisdom synthesis, having indulgently devoured knowledge and experience beyond innumerable, and for that he must not forgo his vigilance.

That is precisely why he had abandoned persuasion through words, but opted to forcefully make him abide through violence and the Curse Mark.

Aldebaran: [......Anyhow, the job's done. Let's go.]

Roy: [There’s no longer any need for any emergency help for the onee-san who surmounted the rocks either, right~. Uncle, are you not often called weird or just plain abnormal?]

Aldebaran: [Thank you for your critical reviews of me for these coming two-three days.]

Correctly guessing Aldebaran's reason for stopping with zero explanations, with a few unnecessary words appended at the end by Roy, he replied forgoing the will to compete with a kid.

Subsequently Aldebaran once again hastened his feet, ascertaining where damage had been intercepted thanks to Emilia, the Royal Capital―― part of it, an aristocratic township totally flattened.

△▼△▼△▼△

――With the culmination of his battle with Valga Cromwell, Aldebaran revised his apprehension that his authority, which he estimated to have no enemies, too had hazardous adversaries who wolfed it down.

Even now, his conviction that nobody could win against him was unwavering.

However, he self-admonished, in order to turn that conviction into firm assurance that he mustn't grow complacent with his Authority and must never stop thinking.

Therefore, in the plan for sneaking into the Royal Capital and"Gluttony's"jailbreak he did not opt for an easier redo, but challenged it with his utmost might, firmly experiencing each and every count of Aldebaran's, with the assiduousness to squeeze out the tube of toothpaste till the very end, and concluded the counts with six thousand seven hundred and twenty four.

――To interpret that as a lot or less would depend on the person, but fundamentally Aldebaran thought of each count “Pertinently”.

Regardless of the magnitude of counts, wasting not a single run, necessarily challenging to surmount the wall.

On extremely seldom occasions, he also expended one count of inaction in order to calm his heart, but that count too was one where this breather for the heart was essential.

Hence, no matter how many counts, if he attained the results he had sought, Aldebaran would insist that six thousand seven hundred and twenty four to be the “Optimum” number of attempts.

???: [――Yo, shitty helmet bastard.]

The point of regroup agreed upon in advance―― this place, sufficiently afar from the Royal Capital, was a long-abandoned quarry perfect for scoundrels hiding from people's eye to meet up at. 

In this quarry, the one to greet Aldebaran with a sharp accost was Felt, her back leaned on the crumbling stone wall, red pupils ablaze with rage and animosity.

Distorting her lips from which her fang was visible, she stanced herself with arms crossed and evinced her scorn for Aldebaran. Her way of calling him had also downstepped from “helmet bastard” to “shitty helmet bastard”.

Felt jerked her slim chin, indicating towards the Royal Capital visible from afar.

Felt: [That large rock, had Emilia-nee-chan not stopped it just how many people do you think it would've killed. What happened to your policy of not causing the death of anyone? Do you intend to flout everything you decided on each time you lose heart. Lame ain't enough of a word.]

Aldebaran: [......Guess so. I'm also relieved that you're safe, miss Felt.]

Felt: [Huh?]

Aldebaran: [It's a joke. Or rather, a quip. A gag that fell totally flat.]

As Felt's prickliness compounded with his reply, Aldebaran powerlessly responded. Perhaps perceiving this attitude of Aldebaran's as insincere, she pitched forward as if to snap and at him when Roy enounced a “You know~ Felt-chan” from the top of his shoulder,

Roy: [Wanna tell you to keep it up keep it up, but when it comes to naggingly pressing uncle we've completed the preliminary preparation of ingredients from our end. So may as well try changing up the flavour with a different seasoning, how about it?]

Felt: [How about shit…… so you're the "Gluttony" who got caught. Are you the older brother? Or the younger brother? Whichever way it may be, you've got an irritating mug resembling just like your sibling's.]

Roy: [Ah~, you're also acquainted with us? Well~, makes sense. Heard it from Louis too~? That because of Felt-chan Ley triggered food poisoning, you see~.]

Felt: [Back when my name got blamed for something or the other? Served 'em right.]

The girl progressively sharpening her cussing, Felt had reputedly once encountered "Gluttony" ―― Ley Batenkaitos in Priestella. Her speech made light of his sibling from back then, who had since died on top of that, but just like with Aldebaran's instance Roy only showed a smile alongside “Haha-” in good humour.

Roy: [By the way, amongst us, it's unknown~ who of us was the eldest son. For us, there were times we felt like being the eldest son, yet also felt at times for being the second son, maybe because of that~ is what we're saying.]

Felt: [Don’t squabble about such incomprehensible reasoning. The order of brothers and sisters ain't something you just decide by feeling. You gotta decide if you'll yield it or accept it before it's gone.]

Roy: [Haha~! Both uncle and Felt-chan, think you can say anything if it's to the hated Sin Archbishops? Very nice very nice, it's what you call everyone's shared consensus, right~?]

Felt: [Hey, shitty helmet bastard, I have no intention of having a fun little chat with him. Hurry up and shut his fanged mouth, then you answer my questions.]

Aldebaran: [I agree with you that he needs to shut up, but the time for the question-answer session will have to wait a bit. Before that……]

Obstructing Felt's demand, Aldebaran turned his head at the spot. Apprehending the intent behind his act of surveying the insides of the quarry, Felt clicked her tongue with a “You” and jerked her chin. Deep within the quarry, a humble hut barely maintaining its shape, Aldebaran guided his line of sight towards that and――,

???: [――Al-sama.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

The very moment that Yae appeared from out of the cabin, her eyes met Aldebaran’s. 

Accompanied by a faintly warm aroma, Yae had likely been preparing a meal inside the cabin. He was grateful for that consideration. And even though he was grateful――,

Aldebaran: [From the looks of it, you had it pretty rough, yeah?]

At merely a glance, Aldebaran perceived a difference from her usual easygoing and elusive self.

Her maid outfit, characteristic for its waso tastes, was torn all over, and her red-hair, which she never failed to maintain even on the battlefield, was all frayed. Above all else, was her expression.

An atmosphere of meekness, or rather, one bereft of naivete, was doing the greatest harm to her usual image.

As proof of that――,

Yae: […Thank goodness.]

Softly placing a hand over her chest, Yae muttered at the convergence with Aldebaran.

Sensing the hue of emotion painting that voice, Aldebaran felt a bit daunted, though he would never admit to it, so he shrugged his shoulders with an “Oi oi”.

Aldebaran: [Isn’t that a degree of auspiciousness unbefitting Yae-san, the helpful all-purpose maid? To not even be able to back me up, what kinda surprise guest did you have an affair with?]

Yae: [――. To say that I had an affair will be bad for my reputation, Al-sama. You are well aware that you have complete control over Yae-chan’s heart, Al-sama.]

The hesitation that had accompanied her answer for a moment vanished, returning Yae’s demeanor to business as usual. Sliding her finger down her chest, she resumed “But, but”,

Yae: [I suppose it’s true that I spent some passionate time with a gentleman~. The one who graced the mansion with his presence was the Sword Demon, Wilhelm van Astrea… no, Wilhelm Trias-sama.]

Aldebaran: [The Sword Demon grandpa, huh? That’s…]

At the unforeseen assassin, Yae would have also likely been stupified. But, it was difficult to label him the worst-possible enemy.

Of course, there was no doubt that he was one of the foremost powerful fighters in the Kingdom, but a swordsman would be far more manageable than a magician for Yae. In addition, she had laid her traps all around the Barielle Villa, converting it into the perfected hunting ground of the Crimson Sakura, so to speak.

However, given that Aldebaran had ultimately hastened there to provide relief, the Sword Demon’s honed edge had excelled that of Yae’s. And from her expression, it was clear that it had not even been a narrow defeat, but rather one of complete annihilation.

And likely, the reason behind that sharpness was――,

Aldebaran: [The old man, sulking over there as he is, ain’t unrelated, now is he?]

Where Aldebaran had directed his attention, on a neglected stump of a wood-chopping block next to the cabin, was a red-haired man hugging one knee as he cast his eyes down―― Heinkel.

With his head hanging limp, the blood soiling Heinkel’s entire body had yet to be cleaned off. From Aldebaran’s position, it was difficult to tell whether that blood was his own or someone else’s, but.

Aldebaran: [What happened?]

Yae: […My consciousness was all fuzzy at the time, so I didn’t catch it with my own eyes, but…]

Aldebaran: [But?]

Yae: [Supposedly, Heinkel-sama slayed the Sword Demon-sama.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Yae’s response, lacking any conclusive evidence, caused Aldebaran’s breath to catch, and he turned his gaze to Heinkel once more.

Naturally, Aldebaran was aware of the relationship between Heinkel and Wilhelm. It had become a story of confrontation between parent and child, ending with the son slaying the father.

He was aware of Heinkel’s excessively fatal flaw as a swordsman, but――,

Aldebaran: [Between his father and his son, the old man sure was stuck indefinitely between a rock and a hard place.]

The discord within the Astrea Family, down to its core Aldebaran knew not.

Only, he knew that the existence of the Divine Protection of the Sword Saint and the title of Sword Saint had given rise to friction across three generations of parent, child, and grandchild. And, that friction had amounted to something definite because of this occasion.

Aldebaran: [――――]

Reinhard and Wilhelm, over these few days Heinkel had taken a position in complete opposition to both of them; Aldebaran and the rest had no right to worry about his feelings.

He was someone caught up in this for the sake of being used. It would be nothing but shameless to call out to him and ask if he was okay. Hence, Aldebaran returned his gaze to Yae, asking “So then”,

Aldebaran: [What about the grandpa? If the old man slayed him, then all of that would be his blood, so…]

???: [――For the time being, only the most minimal of treatment’s been applied. We couldn’t stay there long at all, so it’s really just the bare minimum.]

Aldebaran: [Uoah!?]

The sudden voice jolting his shoulders, Aldebaran goggled at his surroundings. But, “Aldebaran”, who should have been the owner of that voice, was nowhere to be found. It was the Divine Dragon’s dragonhusk. It was not of a size that could be overlooked―― and, right when he thought that.

“Aldebaran”: [Sorry, sorry, for now, optical camouflage cancellation.]

No sooner than those words were uttered, the space that ought to have been completely empty until then―― resting its jaw on the rocky wall that Felt had been leaning against, there appeared the massive body of a limply reclined Dragon. Watching the way it appeared, as if the the blurred atmosphere was gradually gaining color, Aldebaran widened his eyes with an “Ohh”,

Aldebaran: [Optical camouflage, is that bending light to make yourself transparent? So you can do that sorta thing?]

“Aldebaran”: [As you’d expect, correcting it while moving in real time’d be impossible, you know? But, when limited to just the times when I’m completely still, most of the demerits that come with this body quite literally disappear, yeah?]

Aldebaran: [Sounds about right. I think a Dragon that turns invisible’s pretty damn cool.]

It was possible to realize magic that bent light by combining Yang Magic and Wind Magic, but it would consume far too much fuel to have it continuously active. It required a very precise control of magic to blend into the surrounding environment, and it was a challenge that would very likely not reach the sought-after standard.

In reality, it had been difficult for even “Aldebaran” to perform, so instead he had kept it on standby, concealed above the clouds of the Royal Capital.

Aldebaran: [If you’ve become capable of doing it, then… must’ve been quite the hard-fought battle.]

“Aldebaran”: [Was neck and neck with the other side. To be honest, without the old man’s backstab, a bit of fear flashed through my head that I might've lost.]

Aldebaran: [A backstab, huh…]

Shaking his head, Aldebaran processed the two surprises.

First, was the thought of how fearsome the Sword Demon must have been to inspire visions of defeat within “Aldebaran”. Even if the currently loaded software was different, the hardware specs were undoubtedly that of the Divine Dragon, so to reach that sphere immediately following a battle with Yae, one would have had to have been an unthinkable monster.

Thus, the second surprise was naturally the manner in which Heinkel had intervened with the battle――,

Aldebaran: [It likely wouldn’t have been easy to have settled things fair and square, but ending things with a backstab’s probably wrecking the old man’s mental.]

Yae: [Well, I think there’s no doubt about that~. Ultimately, ever since we fled the Royal Capital, he hasn’t spoken to us even once.]

Aldebaran: [Is that so…]

Receiving an affirmation from Yae that Heinkel’s affliction was just as he had imagined, Aldebaran took a deep breath, and looked over those present once more.

Yae was dejected by her defeat, and “Aldebaran” had been overwhelmed by the Sword Demon. Heinkel was cowering with the shock of stabbing his father, and Felt was not even trying to hide her enmity to the rest of them. Finally, atop his shoulders, Roy was in merry spirits, and Aldebaran himself was an atrocious villain going full speed down the path to being a coward.

On top of being a lineup of good-for-nothings, they were in quite a tattered state.

Aldebaran: [――Even so, everyone’s alive.]

Upon reuniting face to face with everyone at the quarry, ascertaining their survival, Aldebaran released the strength from his shoulders, silently rescinded his Territory, and reopened a new matrix.

With his restart point updated, the events that took place at the Royal Capital were set in stone for this world’s history.

In other words, he would no longer be able to take back the tears that had flowed from her amethyst eyes.

Aldebaran: [But, that’s fine. The moment I decided to betray everything, there’d be no such convenience as making an exception for any one person.]

He would not compromise. Wavering of his heart was forbidden. Were he to falter, all would come to naught.

In order to conclude that there had been meaning in all the pain he had suffered with his body, with his heart, Aldebaran could not afford to fail, let alone halt their legs.

Aldebaran: [Yae, if you’ve prepared food, then give it here. I’m starving.]

Yae: [I couldn’t take any of the ingredients from the mansion with me, so I stole from stores along the way. I noted down what I took from which stores, so please pay for it all later.]

Aldebaran: [How shrewd of you… got it. Also, this guy here…]

Yae: [You want me to tie and hang him up? In that case, I’ve already done so.]

As she spoke, Yae made a fluid motion with her upraised finger, and Aldebaran’s shoulder suddenly felt lighter. Roy’s body was tied up by a steel thread, suspended on the stone wall of the quarry.

Roy: [What's this what's this, this treatment again? Well~, maybe it's better than hanging upside down, but still~.]

Aldebaran: [Stay put like that for a bit. Once I decide on how to discipline you, I’ll heal your arms and legs. However…]

Roy: [Don’t forget the Curse Mark, right~? Isn’t it fine? There's no way we'd ever say that we won't plot anything, but for the time being we'll hold off and evaluate for you~.]

Aldebaran: [Evaluate, eh.]

Roy: [Because Ley died, perhaps~? We have no intention whatsoever of succeeding Gourmet or anything like that, but let’s try taking a bit more of an interest in things before serving atop the platter, is what we’re saying!]

With both arms and legs bound, hung up rigidly like a shrimp, Roy swung his body. Shrugging his shoulders at that eeriness, Aldebaran crossed gazes with “Aldebaran”. 

Possessing the same ego as himself, it drew back its large jaw, a firm promise that it would not avert its eyes.

Aldebaran: [That reminds me, Plan B was a huge help. Thanks to that, we got away.]

“Aldebaran”: [Ahh, so that’s what you went with, Origin. I’d thought of it as a “second plan”. Well, it’s a good thing that we landed on the same idea.]

Aldebaran: [Origin?]

“Aldebaran”: [It’s getting a bit tiresome to keep calling you “the other me”, yeah? And so, I was thinking, how about Origin, as in progenitor. How’s “descendent” for me?]

Aldebaran: [Progenitor and descendent, sorta like iekei ramen.] [1]

At “Aldebaran’s” proposal, Aldebaran lazily dodged it with an “I’ll think about it”. Then, he finally turned to face the angry expression on Felt’s face, which he had been putting off.

With her arms crossed, Felt’s eyes had been ablaze with an unaltered indignation, but――,

Aldebaran: [You figured out that it was lil’ miss Emilia who stopped that massive boulder, yeah?]

Felt: [Ah? Are you making fun of me? Nobody else but Emilia-neechan would perform such an idiotic feat.]

Aldebaran: [The way you said that makes me wonder which one of us is making fun of who… but yeah, you’re right. I dropped the boulder knowing full well that lil’ miss Emilia would stop it all.]

Felt: […You’re gonna be getting much more than just an ass-kicking.]

The despicable trick he had pulled in order to get away, Aldebaran understood that to be true, and Felt’s lips contorted more and more as she threatened him. Her threat stunk of the undercity, and he sensed that it represented her utmost rage; however, Aldebaran harbored another emotion simultaneously.

Aldebaran’s method of doing things, and Emilia, who had been ensnared by it. Including the jailbreak of Gluttony, it was a lineup that would naturally incur Felt’s ire.

But, it seemed like there had also been other reasons behind the overflow of Felt’s anger――.

Aldebaran: […The thing with the old man and the Sword Demon grandpa, it ain’t your fault, Felt-chan.]

Felt: [I never once thought it was my fault. Without a doubt, it’s you… you guys, Reinhard’s father and his grandfather, who are at fault. But still, I’m angry, and just thinking about what sorta face that idiot’ll make when he finds out about this makes me even more angry.]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Felt: [The moment I made him my Knight, it wouldn’t make sense for me to be uninvolved with the things involving him, no matter what they might be. Remember this, you shitty helmet bastard.]

Aldebaran: […What?]

Felt: [Even if you do stuff with the intention of taking responsibility for it yourself, there’s no way it’ll ever be talked about in isolation from that princess. All you’re doing is kicking her corpse.]

Felt’s sharp tongue and glint in her eyes managed to gnaw at Aldebaran more so than any other poison until now.

The relationship between Knight and master was something that would not disappear even if one of them were to die. If Aldebaran gained notoriety, that would also become notoriety for Priscilla Barielle.

With that thrust before him anew, he experienced fresh pain and bitterness. But――,

Aldebaran: [The Princess, is no longer among us. Didn’t even leave a corpse behind.]

Felt: [――Hk, it’s not that sorta…!]

Aldebaran: [It is that sorta thing. To me, that’s what lives are.]

As Felt laid her anger bare, she was silenced by a dry answer.

Postmortem renown and notoriety held no meaning whatsoever to the deceased. Everything hinged on being alive. The feelings of joy and sorrow regarding the reputations of the dead were entirely formed from the sentimentality of those who lived.

Aldebaran: [You gotta do your best while both you and your partner are still alive. That’s all I have to say.]

Felt: [――. You shitty helmet bastard, what the hell even are you really?]

Aldebaran: […I’m a following star.]

Felt: [Following star…?]

Aldebaran: [A failure of the star that shines brightest in the night sky.]

On that note, Aldebaran turned his back on Felt, and resigned from the exchange. Then, Aldebaran strode up to the chopping block, over to Heinkel.

Heinkel: [――――]

Eyes downcast without raising his visage, Heinkel ignored Aldebaran. But, he ought to have noticed him. His breathing, and the flinch of his body had perceived his presence.

It was easy to imagine that he would feel on edge. It was a bit troubling to decide on what to say, but,

Aldebaran: [I’ll keep my promise. When this is all over, the Dragon’s Blood will be yours no matter what.]

Heinkel: [――Hk.]

Right now, what Heinkel necessitated was neither consolation nor apology, but a firm, definite promise.

At Aldebaran’s words, formed by his thinking, Heinkel’s breath caught, followed by his outstretched hand grabbing the hem of Aldebaran’s tunic, pulling him closer by sheer force. Suddenly down on one knee, Aldebaran felt the cold edge of a blade fastened to his nape, and his eyes met Heinkel’s.

With blood splattered on his face, Heinkel’s blue eyes were bloodshot,

Heinkel: [No matter what…!]

Aldebaran: [――――]

Heinkel: [No matter what, keep your promise. The Dragon’s Blood, whatever it takes… the Witch of Envy too…!]

Aldebaran: [I know. I’ve got no intention of letting the world end. That’s the purpose of Gluttony.]

Feeling the sharp pain on his nape, Aldebaran composed himself and responded so. He softly raised his arm as well, forcing Yae to back off as she was about to respond to Heinkel’s rash action.

Then, after Aldebaran and Heinkel stared at each other up close for a while,

Heinkel: [SHIT!]

Spitting that word out, Heinkel shoved Aldebaran back. Getting his body back up after falling on his backside, Aldebaran looked to his fore, and saw that Heinkel had returned to hanging his head, shutting himself away like before.

Witnessing that, Aldebaran fiddled with the metal fixture of his helmet, and sighed.

For the time being, he had grasped the state of each party member.

He would not deny that as a result of entering the Royal Capital, everyone had been exhausted for better or for worse, but the fact that nobody had been lost, and the fact that he had secured Roy made up for that; thus, he could proceed.

Frankly, he was well aware that he was not cut out for this, but he had no choice but to lead them.

Aldebaran: [For the time being, we should be able to settle down here. We’ll eat Yae’s food, and resume movement after a bit of a rest. The chaos from the Royal Capital’s only gonna continue――]

Snapping his fingers as a substitute for clapping his hands, Aldebaran gathered everyone’s attention.

Until this point, Yae and Heinkel, who had been accompanying him from the start, had been marching on nearly three days without rest or sleep. He had intended on taking some time to let them recover.

――That was, if a giant boulder had not been dropped from high in the sky, almost as if to interrupt Aldebaran’s words.

Aldebaran: [Wha.]

With that, right after mistaking it for a thin cloud’s shadow, Aldebaran was crushed by the extreme weight.

Merely, far away in the distance, he felt as if he could hear the buzzing of insects.


――Otto Suwen was enraged.

He resolved to do whatever he must to rid the land of that evil and ruthless king. ――With that nonsensical, cliche stock phrase that Subaru had told him people used when they got angry flashing through his mind, Otto was enraged.

There was no need to disclose who the direct cause, and target, of that rage was.

The great sinner, Al―― nay, Aldebaran had committed an unforgivable transgression. This was the result of his immense betrayal, not only of the hearts of those who had cared for physical and mental well-being, but also by breaking  nearly more than a hundred of the most sacred laws established by the Kingdom.

However, what enraged Otto the most was the fact that Aldebaran had antagonized Otto’s very own family.

As for Otto, he considered himself a pacifist.

He generally disliked conflict, and believed in avoiding any trouble that he could. In fact, even during the time he traveled alone with Frufoo as a merchant, he seldomly stuck his nose into the affairs of others and became involved in disputes or chose the usage of violence unless he was given no other option.

However, his situation changed drastically upon joining the Emilia Camp and taking on the position of its Internal Affairs Minister.

He did not appreciate Subaru’s teasing of him being a militant Internal Affairs Minister―― but, pacifism and mild-mannered diplomacy were not the top priorities in his current position.

The caliber and intensity of the malice he had to face was far greater than anything he had experienced as a traveling merchant, and if he continued to respond in a half-hearted, passive manner, he would fail to safeguard those who he wished to protect the most..

At the same time, he remained self-aware, knowing that he was valued by a candidate for the Royal Selection, which he kept as a cautionary restraint, never allowing his self-control to slip.

As the Camp's Internal Affairs Minister and a key administrator of the Mathers territory’s management, Otto held a position of power and title that he could have never dreamed of before. To never lose sight of his position, Otto reminded himself daily to avoid being swallowed by arrogance.

The efforts Otto made to admonish himself, however, were forgotten the moment a certain enemy laid their hands on his family.

Otto: [Everyone has their own circumstances. But, I will not tolerate someone who is unwilling to find a solution at the negotiating table.]

If they desired mercy, he would show them mercy. If they desired generosity, he would show them generosity.

That kind of consideration and goodwill was present within everyone in the Camp, led by Emilia. Therefore, Otto too did his utmost to respect that kind and generous heart within everyone..

Even so, if the other party continued to trample over and take advantage of one’s self, one would be left with no choice.

If they desired his blessings, he would give them his blessings. If they desired his support, he would offer them his support.

And, if they desired to be hostile, then he would show them his utmost hostility.

Otto: [Thanks to Emilia-sama, the city came out unscathed. The evacuation of the Noble District was also completed in advance. The Knights of the Royal Capital have proven quite capable.]

Tightly clenching his fist, Otto processed the damage caused by the events that had just taken place.

He could not allow himself to give in to an indignant rage, he needed to devote his mind to understanding the situation and how things had progressed. Put simply, he felt a sense of strong shame deep in his heart. ――Shame at what a pathetic disgrace he was.

When the initial weight of the situation struck him over the head, Otto, to his great embarrassment, shamefully lamented his feelings of powerlessness, and was consoled by Emilia. It should have been the opposite. That should never have occurred. The purpose of Otto’s position was to ease Emilia’s anxious concerns.

And yet, as it was, Otto was half-crying as Emilia comforted him, and he was forced to rely on the words of the person whom he was supposed to be supporting before it had finally hit him. 

He had jokingly told Emilia that Subaru would kill him, but in his heart, Otto truly wanted to strangle himself to death.

However, the dead would never get a chance to redeem themselves. So instead of foolishly wrapping his hands around his own neck, Otto would raise and use his head with all his resolve. Fortunately, half-crying like that helped him clear his head out a little. ――Though the thunder was still rumbling in his mind, the lightning allowed him to peer into the darkness.

He thought back to a time long ago, when it was just him and Frufoo; they were hurrying through a thunderstorm when a sudden bolt of lightning struck the carriage bed, resulting in their entire load of cargo being reduced to ashes.

As Otto lamented his great misfortune, his beloved dragon said to him “Let’s be glad that neither of us was hurt, alright?”, and he could not deny the truth and wisdom in her words.

If one traveled through a lightning storm, they had to be prepared to potentially get struck by lightning. ――In that moment, however, it was up to the individual’s luck whether they could avoid being burned to death by said lightning.

By shearing away every element luck could sway, he would forge ahead through that thunderstorm.

Thus was the essence of the enraged Otto Suwen’s relentless fighting style――for that singular purpose, he would play cards branded as ruthless without hesitation.

The manifestation of that was――,

Otto: [While we are in the Royal Capital, we cannot prepare a military force surpassing Reinhard-san, nor combat strength that exceeds Felt-sama. Fundamentally, when the turn to act comes back around to us, sheer force and numbers can no longer serve as absolute measures to stop them.]

By some artifice, Aldebaran had slipped past Reinhard, the Sword Saint. Then, with the Divine Dragon Volcanica in his wake, he had pushed through Felt and her forces before reaching the Royal Capital.

Otto and his group, cast asunder from their allies, had scarcely returned from the Vollachian Empire, so they had no means of opposing Aldebaran’s unfathomable operational prowess.

Thus, neither Emilia, who was dispatched with orders to capture him alive, nor the summons to Wilhelm and his group, who coincidentally were staying at the royal villa, was conceived as decisive strokes.

Naturally, were Emilia and Wilhelm’s group to reign victorious, it would have been ideal. But Otto had anticipated that such an outcome was likely unattainable. As matters stood, Otto’s group had possessed no means of aggression beyond deploying the entirety of their available forces.

――Otto Suwen possessed neither Reinhard van Astrea’s combat ability nor Valga Cromwell’s strategic sagacity. He did not presume himself blessed to rival such talent, for he harbored no such vainglorious self-assessment.

Otto did not expect himself to transcend his mortal limits. ――At most, he could but exert one hundred percent of the measure of his own capacities.

With that one hundred percent, what Otto Suwen could do was――,

Otto: [――An abandoned quarry, west of the Royal Capital.]

The tidings were borne with the noise of fluttering wings. Otto had narrowed his eyes as he scored the map, one hand pressing a blood-stained kerchief to his nose. As his mind began to haze, he had given his head a light tap.

Divine Protection overheat――when Subaru had thus dubbed the exhaustion born from overuse, Garfiel’s eyes had kindled with light at the peculiar resonance. Remembering this now, Otto’s lips curled into the faint ghost of a smile.

Otto: [Overheat, huh. Very well. Even if my head splits open, I will not stop, I…]

Blood yet flowed from his nose as Otto grumbled thus to the gathering whir of wings――Zodda bugs, at whom he snapped his fingers, commanding them to their next actions whilst ordering the continuation of their surveillance.

The Zodda bugs possessed an amiable disposition with a faint sense of individual awareness. They shared directives as one being, and to persuade but a single insect would demonstrate results equivalent to persuading the entire swarm. For their service, they demanded a single boon: a peaceful habitation wherein to dwell.

By virtue of his position as the Internal Affairs Minister, Otto had intended to secure their compensation. In return, the swarm must pledge obedience unto tasks of mortal peril whilst performing reckless endeavors that transgress human capability.

――They had clung to the fleeing Divine Dragon to pinpoint its rendezvous point, mobilized swarms of a hundred thousand strong to drop boulders upon their foes, gathered every message left by the captured Felt――such deeds they wrought.

Otto: […the Grand Mogolade Geyser.]

‘Twas a missive Felt had left in her captivity amidst Aldebaran’s faction, cast forth in hope of reaching allies, that would later be salvaged within the ruins of the Barielle estate. The very manner of this delivery: evading the surveillance to entrust it to the Zodda bugs, spoke volumes of Felt’s unshakeable courage.

Verily, the missive contained naught but a toponym from the Karagi City-States. It was likely Aldebaran and his group’s next target, or possibly their ultimate destination. Let them make for it, if that was where they desired to move. ――Otto’s watchful gaze would never release them.

Wherever they went, however they concealed themselves, Otto would endure ceaseless ringing in his ears and crimson streaks from his nose to track every last movement of Aldebaran’s faction.

Otto: [Please do not delude yourself into thinking you can sleep again. ――The entire world is your enemy now.]

No strength had he to claim victory. Naught remained but to whittle away at his enemy’s might.

Thus was Otto Suwen’s fighting style, distinct from both Sword Saints and Great Strategist. As Emilia’s Internal Affairs Minister, he wielded one hundred percent of his strength.




Translation Note:
[1] Iekei Ramen (Family-style ramen) is a style of ramen developed by a restaurant called Yoshimuraya in the 1970's. The Kanji 家系 can also be read as kakei, as in "Family Lineage", so the restaurant Yoshimuraya refers to itself as the 元祖 (Progenitor) and other shops that they officially recognize (which also use the same style) as 直系 (Descendants).
