*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

An intense sword aura was filling the chamber, causing goosebumps to erupt all over her skin.

Her mind had been trained to remain unperturbed by most situations, but even while considering a circumstance in which the unexpected and unforeseen occur in rapid succession, this scenario would be considered an anomaly, a deviation demanding to be deemed as an exception.

Yae: [――Wilhelm Trias.]

Letting the name given to her roll around in her mouth, Yae Tenzen gradually sharpened her vigilance.

They had exchanged but a single clash, yet her opponent had slammed her with a kick first, forcing Yae to find herself at a disadvantage.

Even after she leapt backward to dampen the impact, the damage from the kick had left a heavy impression on Yae’s slender frame. Had she not retreated, the force might have opened a shoe-sized hole in her stomach. For one who proclaimed himself to be a gentleman, he could no longer call himself one if he were to kick a woman with such brutal intent.

For forty years the country readied the old swordsman’s proper appellation.

Namely――,

Yae: [――The Sword Demon-san himself, gracing us with his presence here. To think I would meet such a legend myself, I’m so moved~. That episode in which you avenged your late wife, truly you are the Kingdom’s greatest pride as a swordsman aren’t you~?]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Yae: [Oh? But if I remember right, I heard you had a shockingly unexpected reunion with your wife afterward! I’m sure the events in the Watergate City must’ve been terribly difficult for you, no? I can only imagine your anguish, waahhh.]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Whilst observing her opponent’s every twitch, Yae dabbed a finger at the corner of her eye in a pantomime of tears.

Beneath Yae’s crimson gaze, the old swordsman――Wilhelm had stood majestic and unwavering, two swords glinted in his grip as they streamed a sharp aura and he had met her stare then.

Within that calm light of twin blue eyes, Yae had brazenly trampled on her opponent’s heart in hopes of unsettling him, which had proved to be fruitless. Thus, with the futility of her efforts now laid bare, Yae now understood that she merely succeeded in playing the character of a villainess.

Yae: […From what I heard of you, the image I had led me to assume that you were a more hot-blooded individual, but~]

Apparently, that impression was unreliable.

Given that the source of this information was none other than Heinkel, if even details regarding his own biological father lacked credibility, then what exactly could she expect of him? Frankly, it would have been better to assign him to take care of Felt rather than the Dragon.

And should Heinkel have allowed Felt to escape, then the pretext of eliminating her and to cut ties with Heinkel altogether would simultaneously hold ground.

As for Yae’s reasoning as to why she was thinking such things――,

Yae: [Aside from the old village chief, there shouldn’t be many people who are able to notice my presence concealment――Felt-sama, might you have done something mischievous?]

Felt: [The hell kind of accusation is that? You know full well I couldn't even lift a finger you bastard.]

Wilhelm: [――――]

Felt: [Besides talking to your sorry ass, I haven’t done anything. That’s the entire damn limit of all my soul can handle for now.]

Felt had backed herself to a corner of the room as she spat those words, and there was a hint of self-directed frustration laced in her voice. 

When it came to feigning anger like this, she was not the type to be adept. If she truly possessed the refined acting skills to modulate even vocal tremors, then such a masterful deception would truly be one worthy of awe.

Therefore, Yae merely gave a subtle tug on the steel thread around Felt’s neck, just enough to make her aware of its presence and then,

Yae: [Don’t even think about running away, okay? I’d hate to make your adorable head bid a tearful farewell to your torso Felt-sama.]

Felt: [That’s another kick to your ass coming. And this isn’t my story to tell anyway.]

Yae: [And that would be?]

Felt: [Do you really think you have the time to be looking elsewhere? I don’t think you do, at least not in your position.]

Felt protruded her tongue with a blunt “bleh”, an artless act which was somehow adorable in itself. But Yae did not need a reminder, as she had never once let her guard down against Wilhelm. ――The swordsman remained rooted in his original position, unable to determine how to counter Yae’s steel thread techniques. Such was a truly understandable dilemma.

――Most shinobi techniques specialized in exploiting openings.

This was precisely why shinobi arts designated for killing were referred to as “jutsu-waza”, distinct from a warrior’s senjutsu, which is for fighting. Yae’s steel thread arts were a prime example of that deadly distinction.

The more veteran the warrior, the more they must cautiously engage with their combat approach. In those intervals, a shinobi’s true skill is layering trap upon trap like a spider’s web until――,

Wilhelm: [――Four moves.]

Yae: [――? What is it?]

Suddenly, Yae furrowed her brow, as she was unable to comprehend the words Wilhelm’s lips had spun.

To the doubt Yae harbored, Wilhelm offered no verbal reply. ――Only a physical response. His eyes narrowed slightly, and a piercing sword blast of aura was released. This, cleaving through Yae’s entire body, was the answer Wilhelm gave.

Yae: [――hk.]

The moment she sensed the incoming attack,Yae mobilized all her ten fingers without hesitation. She lashed out with her steel threads not to subdue the attack, but rather to slaughter the Sword Demon completely. Al’s order of non-lethality only needed to be technically obeyed. The best scenario would be if an opponent survived an attack aimed with killing intent, but an attack that would spare the opponent? She was not sure how useful it would be.

Thus from all directions came a smothering assault of steel threads that split into an inescapable stranglehold, with each new strand finer than the last, subdividing into sixteen, then thirty-two. In response, Wilhelm’s twin blades flashed against this and――,

Wilhelm: [AAARGH――!!]

He swung and wind met steel, the whirlwind created by the twin swords swept aside the approaching murderous threads of carnage.

The extreme speed of the swords’ movement caused the collision between the blades and threads to be heard at once. The sparks that burst from the impact gave Yae the illusion of her eyes being seared. Though her initial strike had been neutralized by this overwhelming sword aura, her Steel Thread Technique remained uninterrupted.

She had let the steel threads emitted by her rings go slack as she readied an assault of further divided strings―― and instantly, the floor of the room cleaved upward before Yae’s eyes, creating a new “floor”.

――An edge of the slashed floor was stomped on, lifting a portion of it. The “floor” was so large it rivaled even a luxurious bed as it rose to blot Wilhelm from Yae’s sight.

Wilhelm: [――――]

A powerful “thud”, a strong step, and the “floor” was suddenly kicked as it launched straight toward Yae.

Within the confined space of this room, there were no gaps she could use to escape. And so using her left hand, Yae adjusted the angles of the steel threads she controlled to respond to the incoming “floor”. However, rather than slicing it she instead bound it, using her threads to wrap around the “floor”, and she repelled it back with a whip-like snap.

The “floor” was sent roaring back with the full momentum of the initial kick. In fact, it returned along its trajectory at an even greater velocity, carrying a lethal force as it barreled toward the Sword Demon, aiming to blast him away.

But then――,

Yae: [Huh?]

A sharp, piercing thunk echoed, and Yae’s eyes widened upon the sight of the “floor” being pinned midair.

Momentum accelerated; the force doubled by weight. Yet the Sword Demon’s blade struck the “door” dead center, its tip aligned to the surface with surgical precision, voiding all of its power with a single, contemptuous strike.

It was truly a divine feat that transcended what mortal hands could reach.

Yae too had been hailed as a prodigy beyond human limits, her life had been shaped by such heights. ――Thus she understood: even in this old age, the Sword Demon’s swordsmanship was planted in the realm of the divine.

Wilhelm: [Three moves.]

Wilhelm murmured from beyond the suspended “floor”, as Yae held her breath.

Hidden behind the “floor” of modest width and ample height, Wilhelm remained beyond Yae’s sight. Yet the true advantage of steel threads laid in their capability to strike where sight fails, delivering attacks upon unseeable targets.

Her threads snaked around the “floor”, forcing the Sword Demon to move to either side.

Yet, no matter which side he chose, left or right, threads would be awaiting him――,

――Then instantly, piercing through the “floor”, the sword tip lunged for Yae’s nose.

There was a “clang” of steel striking steel, and then the sword launched as if it was a bolt shot from a war bow. It penetrated the “floor”, momentarily halting it. Then he hammered the pommel to drive it deeper.

It was not just beyond expectations, it was anomalous. Faced now with a sword that defied all norms, Yae abandoned any attempt of entangling the sword with her threads. Instead she twisted, tilting her slender neck just enough to avoid a fatal strike. The blade whizzed past her as it lodged into the wall beside Yae with a “thunk”.

She dodged it. And even in that fleeting moment, Yae never once averted her eyes from the Sword Demon. 

And so, in that same breath she recognized her own tactical misstep

The sword had buried deeply just to the right of Yae’s neck. ――Her only means of escape was left.

And there――,

Wilhelm: [GRAHHHHH――]

Using the “floor” as a springboard, the Sword Demon then kicked off the ceiling to accelerate, falling downward with a slashing strike

The blade executed a seamless bamboo-splitting technique, spearing for Yae’s very life as his blade carved deep into her left shoulder.

△▼△▼△▼△

Wilhelm van Astrea. ――No, Wilhelm Trias had been staying in the Royal Capital in order to search for a way to heal his master, Crusch Karsten.

In the midst of the battle against the Witch Cult within the Watergate City of Pristella, Crusch had been subjected to a curse by the Sin Archbishop of Lust; a wicked poison seeping in, corroding her body and soul.

Even the Kingdom’s greatest healer, and the one who bore the title of Blue, Ferris, had been unable to alleviate her suffering, nor had any hope emerged for some time.

There were no visible signs of improvement in Crusch’s condition. However, news of a potential solution had come to light―― a path to the Pleiades Watchtower had been opened.

Had they enlisted the power of Sage Shaula, one of Lugunica’s Three Heroes, rumored to be omniscient, they may have found a way to liberate Crusch from the wicked poison afflicting her.

Wilhelm: [If I wish to save Crusch-sama, then I have no choice but to take the plunge head first.

Desperation drove Ferris to act, and Wilhelm, for once, had no rebuke to offer.

Ever since her Memories had been stolen by the Witch Cult a year prior, leaving her a dramatically changed person, Crusch had been receiving the devoted help and support of Ferris. But, Ferris himself must have experienced hellish agony and confusion as he attempted to rebuild his relationship with Crusch from scratch.

After nearly a year of suffering, the two had finally formed a bond of trust between them―― a bond that was different from what it was before, but still unshakeable in spite of the differences.

That was, until it was ruined by the Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella Emerada Lugunica.

The aforementioned suffering of Crusch was already a painful sight to behold, but Ferris’s anguish as he stood by her side was equally unpleasant.

That was why, when they heard that Subaru’s group had succeeded in reaching the Pleiades Watchtower, a fire of hope was ignited within Wilhelm and the others that was more intense than any of them had anticipated.

Although it was disconcerting that Subaru’s group had not relayed that information directly, there was no way to dig deeper into the movements of the other Camps.

However, Wilhelm and the others had heard that trial visits were being arranged in order to ensure safe access to the Tower. Unable to sit idly by any longer, Wilhelm and Ferris made their way to the Royal Capital in order to ascertain the success or failure of the expedition and, if possible, join the next group headed for the Tower.

Then, in a room inside the royal pavilion, reserved only for dignitaries――,

???: [――There is something we would like to share and ask for your cooperation with.]

And so the young man, who bore the role of Internal Affairs Minister of the Emilia Camp, delivered to Wilhelm a summation of the catastrophe poised to tear the Kingdom asunder, along with the names of two individuals involved that would compel him to take up his sword.

Wilhelm: [RAAAAAGH――!!]

Blasting off the ceiling, he delivered a devastating shoulder-to-hip arc to the red-haired girl―― no, to the practiced shinobi.

The impossibly fine, thread-like weapons proved lethally versatile, scattering the oncoming threat in erratic, whipping trajectories. Such was the result of seeking a swift end to the battle, for every second the conflict raged on would only multiply the chances of being caught off guard.

With a single brutal motion, the blade tore through her left shoulder and carved diagonally across her torso, bisecting her with a monk’s robe cut―― or so it should have.

Yae: [――Hk.]

In an instant, the girl’s body sank into the floor as she gritted her teeth―― no, it was not that she sank. Razor threads shredded the floor itself to splinters. In that moment, the girl’s body tumbled into the basement in front of Wilhelm, to which he gave pursuit.

Without hesitation, he wrenched out his sword from the wall where it had immobilized the girl; his twin blades now secured.

Though he had failed to sever the girl’s left shoulder, the wound still bit deep. A shinobi's true power layed in their vanishing act; the moment they slipped from sight, their threat would multiply five or even tenfold the amount of times it would have been in plain sight.

That was to say――,

Yae & Wilhelm: [――This is where you fall.]

And, without prior rehearsal, Wilhelm and the girl’s voices had overlapped.

As Wilhelm plunged into the gaping maw of darkness below, he caught sight of glimmering filaments, reflected by the light shining through the darkness. ――The pit leading underground bristled with murderous threads spun like a spider’s web.

△▼△▼△▼△

As she fell backward toward the dark basement, Yae quickly bound her left shoulder with her steel thread to stop the profuse bleeding.

The blade penetrated deep into her maidenly soft skin, but her life remained unscathed, so she considered herself lucky to be safe and sound, and at the same time marveled at the terrifying power of the Sword Demon's weapon.

The first move defended against Yae's steel thread, the second move kicked away the floor she had cut up, the third move seized the floor she had sent flying back, and the fourth move slashed at her with the sword that had pierced through it―― just as he had declared at the outset, she was about to be killed in four moves.

Yae: [All these pesky old men…!]

The first elderly man that came to mind was the Vicious Old Man, who had the worst possible personality and was the closest to Yae, followed by the elderly giant who had tormented Al on the plains until he was on the verge of defeat, and finally, the Sword Demon, an elderly man who had managed to reach the pinnacle of swordsmanship despite his age. ――All of these elderly men were people who did not know how to grow old gracefully.

To begin with, it was the way of the world that one's life could be extinguished at any given moment. Nevertheless, the fact that they were still alive at such an old age meant that they had survived natural selection.

???: [That's why old folks are so damn terrifyin'. If ya think old folks are weak and fragile, you'll end up dyin' before ya even get old yerself. Well, I'm kinda an exception to the rule, since I'm such a long-lived shinobi, but still…]

Her cheeks twitched as she was reminded of the loud laughter of the village chief, who had lived and survived a particularly harsh life.

The ultimate technique of a shinobi was to steal one's opponent's attention, cloud their mind, immobilize them, and take their life. Yae was an excellent student in the art of clouding the mind, but she knew that she was no match for the village chief's years of experience.

Yae believed that she was generally not that twisted, nor did she ever anticipate living long enough to become so. In fact, Al nearly killed her once.

She had no expectation that her good fortune would continue. ――After all, the whims of a kind monster were nothing more than a miracle.

Yae: [――――]

Wilhelm chased after Yae as she fell, pulled the sword from the wall, and dropped down into the hole as well.

The Sword Demon moved with confidence, as if he had actual combat experience against a shinobi. This was likely due to the resentment he felt toward those shinobi whom the Vollachian Empire had sent in the past, and toward her predecessors who had failed their mission to kill Wilhelm at that time.

Yae took in a single breath and exhaled. With that, a switch flipped inside her―― and her field of vision expanded, allowing her to see as clearly in the darkness of the basement as if she were standing in the brightness of daylight..

This was the result of arduous training to become accustomed to the darkness of night, a type of physical manipulation that altered the way one's blood was flowing around the eyeballs to adjust vision.

As the white figure of the Sword Demon emerged within her now gray field of vision, Yae spread her arms wide, as if she were finally bringing him into her own realm of expertise――,

Yae & Wilhelm: [――This is where it ends.]

They both uttered the same words in unison, but there was neither a smile nor a feeling of surprise on either side.

They resolved to kill each other. Since mental attacks were deemed futile, they abandoned all techniques designed to disrupt the mind and focused solely to give everything within their power to deliver death to their opponent with sincere determination.

This was the killing field that Yae, called the Crimson Sakura, had prepared for this purpose.

――The underground passageway in the Barielle mansion was not something Priscilla had built when she had renovated the mansion, but rather a remnant left behind by the legacy of the original owner, Leip Barielle.

Priscilla's late husband was said to have been plagued with pathological distrust and paranoia, and had made preparations for any eventuality, not only in the mansion he built in the Royal Capital, but also in his other residences and hideouts within his own domain.

This hole that led to the basement was also one of those preparations of his. It had been originally intended as a secret escape route, but Yae had destroyed it beforehand because it could have been used as an entry point for potential enemies. So, she decided to leave only the deep hole that continued underground.

Yae had never met Leip and felt nothing but disgust and contempt at Leip for forcibly marrying such a young and beautiful wife like Priscilla, and then trying to use her as a mere puppet to control the country's government. However, she sympathized with Leip's attitude of wanting to be prepared for any potential disaster and was grateful to take advantage of the opportunity he had inadvertently given to her. 

An execution platform for slaughter, covered fully with steel wires, where only Yae could freely move around as she pleased.

The reason she had placed Felt in that room, under such strong surveillance, was so that she could infiltrate the Royal Capital and come to Al's aid at any moment, ensuring that if an emergency were to suddenlyarise, there would be a contingency plan in place.

That was why――,

Yae: [――From here on out, no more holding back.]

Having said that, Yae knelt down and smoothly slipped off her shoes, extended her toes wrapped in silky black stockings, spread the toes of both feet ――and shot steel threads from rings fitted to each of them.

Literally, without mercy or restraint, skillfully manipulating all twenty digits of her hands and feet, Yae Tenzen's masterful killing technique rampaged in the cloak of darkness――,

Yae: [――――]

Both sides sought a swift victory.

As she fell, Yae hooked her knee on one of the threads she had spiraled, stopped her descent, and spun around. She used the tension of the thread to bounce off the large, well-like cylindrical pit and began her attack.

With the agility of an experienced acrobat, Yae danced like petals twirling in the wind.

Yae's gracefully fluid dance was accompanied by silver threads that lured those entranced by their beauty to their deaths, and around her, the blood of those whom she had  danced upon blossomed like flowers―― hence the name Crimson Sakura.

These were beautiful, yet cruel, red cherry blossoms that bloomed by feasting upon the blood flowing from their deceased bodies.

Wilhelm: [――Hk.]

The ferocity that earned itself its nickname was unleashed without mercy, and Wilhelm's entire body, left to free fall, was torn apart, his well-tailored clothes torn open, his flesh rendered open and blood scattering into the air.

As she fell, Yae's hair was blown back by the wind created by his twin swords, and she was astonished by the intensity of the Sword Demon's piercing gaze.

Unlike the steel threads, a sword could only reach as far as the arm wielding it. Therefore, due to being on the prepared execution platform she had set up, Wilhelm had no choice but to focus on defense.

Naturally, with Wilhelm bound by gravity and unable to move freely due to being restricted, Yae, who could move freely in the darkness with the help of her threads, would never approach him.

Maintaining a safe middle distance where his sword was unable to  reach, she unilaterally continued her attacks with her steel threads. Before the dance was finished, before the Sword Demon reached the ground and regained his freedom.

Yae slowly raised her arm. ――Blood gushed forth.

Yae's slender legs traced a hollow space on the wall. ――Blood gushed forth.
 
Yae's slender body twisted and contorted to its limit. ――Blood gushed forth.

As Yae's dance approached completion, the Sword Demon was bathed in his own blood, unable to defend against the relentless barrage of steel threads.

The sharp steel threads carved wounds into his legs, torso, shoulders, neck, cheeks, and forehead, and the Sword Demon was invited to death by a thousand cuts.

However――,

Yae: [――What an unpleasant si~ght.]

His eyes were filled with a terrifyingly sharp swordman's aura, completely unclouded and with a resolute will to fight that wavered not.

Yae: [――――]

In addition to the steel threads wielded in both Yae's hands and feet, there were also threads she had already spread all throughout the basement.

It went without saying, if one were to inadvertently touch the taut string while being preoccupied with Yae's actions, one's limb would be severed, and if one's neck or torso were to come into contact with it, one would simply lose their life.

For Wilhelm, this deep hole was now like being trapped within the jaws of the Witchbeast he had jumped into without thinking, his flesh being torn by its teeth, its tongue lapping up his blood, and finally dropping into its stomach to dissolve his life. ――Yet, his eyes did not show any signs of his determination wavering, nor ofsurrendering to a feeling of his resistance being futile against such despair.

Yae: [But, there's not much you can do, is there?]

Even if she disregarded that look in his eyes, Yae did not underestimate the Sword Demon. She had long since dismissed Heinkel's assessment of Wilhelm as very much unreliable and evaluated him based on what she had seen with her own eyes amid the struggle for life and death.

Therefore, as the Sword Demon fell helplessly, she was prepared for two attacks.

One was to kick off the wall of the hole and deliver a sword strike equivalent to the one that knocked Yae underground. The other was to throw his sword at Yae's vital points, just as he had done above ground.

Whichever of the two options was chosen in the end, the decision had to be made in the blink of an eye.

Yae: [――Tsk.]

With her extended black-clad toes drawing a circle, she instantly inflicted three wounds on Wilhelm's cheek. Then, swinging his twin swords downward, he flicked the steel threads away. The powerful legs of the Sword Demon moved back rhythmically, with the soles of his boots pressed against the wall.

With the Sword Demon's knees slightly bent, he gathered enough strength in his legs to launch himself into the air―― and at the last moment, he swung his arms and launched his two swords, surging towards Yae's life.

Two silver streaks flashed through the air, but Yae dodged them with a series of dance-like movements.

Using the stretched threads as a foothold, she performed a somersault, the blade passing between her thighs and the curve of her back, and managed to emerge unscathed. Then, she struck the Sword Demon who rushed in toward her after his blades with the steel threads attached to her feet.

With both of his swords gone and no way to defend himself against the steel threads, Wilhelm twisted his body and shielded his head, escaping the web of deadly threads with minimal damage. However, Yae was already out of the way, and the unarmed Sword Demon could not reach her as she rebounded from the threads and escaped.

With that, both threats that she had been wary of were successfully averted―― but it was still too early to breathe a sigh of relief.

Wilhelm: [――Ohhhh!]

Wilhelm kicked the wall, missing Yae, and landed on the opposite side of the cylindrical pit. There, the twin swords he had thrown earlier were stuck deep in the wall, and Wilhelm grabbed them and kicked the wall again.

Wilhelm pursued Yae, who had escaped diagonally upward, and took a path upward at great speed. ――He leaped forward, kicked off the opposite wall, and flew toward the other wall. Repeating this over and over, he danced upward and quickly caught up with Yae who was rising upwards in a dance-like motion.

Yae: [You've got to be kidding me…!]

Yae's throat quivered  in shock as Wilhelm pursued her with all his might.

He kicked the wall and ascended using a three-step jump. That was not surprising; Yae obviously could do the same. What was unexpected was that Wilhelm was repeating this in a place where Yae's hands had stretched out countless of her steel threads.

Naturally, if he flew without taking the time to check his surroundings carefully, there was a risk that he would hit a string of thread and be torn to pieces.

However, Wilhelm was not showing any signs of fear. Why? ――Because when he had fallen through that space once before, he had noticed where the threads were, and he simply jumped up so as not to hit them.

He was a formidable swordsman who possessed an exceptionally keen sense of combat and powers of observation, as well as the unwavering determination to risk his life for what he truthfully believed to be right.

As the Sword Demon fluttered and dived boldly into the frenzied storm of silver threads, Yae had no choice but to reach for her trump card――,

Yae: [――Ou, ya.]

Yae proceeded to jump high into the air by using the string to launch herself, then stretched out her arms and legs with her body upside down and wrapped the steel threads she had thrown from her twenty digits with the steel threads which she had stretched out beforehand, pulling all four of her limbs back together.

Yae's masterful Steel Thread Technique utilized entwining threads and the surrounding objects, and was even capable of binding over a hundred ruffians at once in forest combat. Taking that into account, Yae exerted all of her strength, to the point that it felt like all of the muscles and bones within her body would be torn asunder, and simultaneously pulled all the steel threads tight.

That instant, within the cylindrical hole that led underground, the torn steel threads ran amok.

With a mechanism similar to that of cutting a sausage with a string, Yae utilized the tensile strength of the strained steel wires being torn to completely and utterly ravage the space, a thread-rending onslaught of trajectory and magnitude that not even Yae herself could read.

Furthermore, thereupon――,

Yae: [――A capable maid always goes the extra mile!]

Witnessing the space below her crushed by the innumerable thread attacks, Yae brought the rings on both her hands to her mouth, kissing them. ――Immediately after, tongues of flames licked down the threads extending from the rings, and after a beat, the infernal flames exploded.

In addition to the berserking threads, a scorching hellfire that burned all to naught―― playing two of her trump cards, Yae’s merciless shinobi techniques engulfed the Sword Demon in a crimson radiance, scorching him to a crisp.

Yae: [As expected――]

Unable to uphold the policy of not killing anybody, Yae found the result of this combat rather vexing.

But, it was something she had thought the moment it began. This was not an opponent who could be defeated without going for the kill. Only by fighting with the intent to kill, would one have a choice between survival or demise, that was the sort of opponent this man was.

For that reason――,

Yae: [Let's keep this a secret from Heinkel-sama――]

Wilhelm: [――That will be fine. He too, had better know that I am coming.]

That instant, the Sword Demon burst through the explosive inferno, the glint of his blade slashing through to caress Yae mid-air.

Yae: [――Uh.]

Torso scythed by the flash of the honed sword, Yae spurred blood to helix in a manner different to her usual dance as she revolved through the air, having been unable to disperse the might of the blow; as eyes widened, she groaned in confusion regarding what had just occurred.

That which had occurred was clear. The enemy had survived both the tempest of steel threads, and the explosive flames that had followed. The question was, how in the world had he done it?

Wilhelm's final leap had been straight upward, much unlike the trajectory of his previous leaps, where he kicked off the walls and flew diagonally. Thus, in order to achieve such a leap within the pit, he would have had no choice but to use the same method as Yae―― using the steel threads as a foothold, and jumping.

Yae: [How did you, my threads…]

Wilhelm: [You demonstrated it many a time. ――Your threads are terrifyingly sharp weapons, but with a specific angle and application of force, they can be used to bind without cutting.]

Wilhelm's answer was accurate, having fully seen through the properties of Yae’s steel threads.

What was strange was that he had seen through it in such a short time whilst amidst the heat of battle, and that he had not hesitated in his decision to risk his life on something for which he possessed no definite evidence.

Another baffling matter was――,

Yae: [Then, the fire?]

Wilhelm: [I cut it.]

Receiving a terribly blunt answer to which nothing could be argued, Yae breathed an exasperated sigh.

In all likelihood, he was telling no fib. The response had simply been that bold. While accepting that, Yae simultaneously suddenly recalled some words from a corner of her mind.

Words that Yae had once dismissed as useless and thrown away――,

???: [――My father is strong. To an absurd degree. You and that Aldebaran guy might be pretty capable yourselves, but still, it’s my father who scares me more. That's what’s known as the Sword Demon.]

It aggravated her to full-throttle, but Heinkel's assessment was accurate.

Yae could not recognize him as being stronger or scarier than Al, but he was at least more terrifying than she was.

――At this moment, Yae Tenzen made a miscalculation in her assessment.

That was the fact that she had estimated the credibility of the information to be around half accurate based on Heinkel’s opinion. And above all, the fact that since the battle against the White Whale, the subjugation of Sloth, and the siege of the Watergate City, all of which Yae had investigated, Wilhelm’s skills had only continued to be honed. This was something Yae had no means of knowing, but he was once again reaching the levels he had achieved during the prime of his active duty―― the age in which he had defeated the Sword Saint.

Ergo, the battle that had commenced at the Barielle Villa, between the Crimson Sakura and the Sword Demon――,
Wilhelm: [――Zuahhh!!]

The completion of her dance thwarted by the flash of a blade, the sakura of crimson was stained with blood by the Sword Demon, thus marking him the victor.
