*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

Emilia: [Right now, I’m reaaally angry, so I won’t be holding back, even if it’s you, Al.]

Speaking thus, the Witch of Glaciation, having transformed the vicinity of the Prison Tower into a wintery snowscape, cast him a stern gaze.

The irate emotions ablaze in those amethyst eyes, spurred a dry sensation in Aldebaran’s throat.

Even in the Empire, many a time had he borne witness to the sight of her kicking her long legs with all her might, doing battle with a look of seriousness on her beautiful countenance. But, that look of seriousness had always been deeply tinged with her courage and thoughtfulness, never colored with the hue of fury.

Hence, this was the first time.

Aldebaran: [――――]

The first time, he had come across a scene where Emilia’s eyes were filled with anger, casting an intense gaze upon somebody.

Much less, a moment in which that anger was directly fully and entirely unto himself, even just imagining it.

Aldebaran: […I never even imagined it… I guess saying that’d be asking too much.]

Hijacking the dragonhusk of the Divine Dragon Volcanica, and mobilizing the Witch of Envy with the objective of halting the Sword Saint Reinhard, he was an enemy of the world. ――Even before all that, the moment he sealed away Natsuki Subaru, even if not on the scale of the whole world, there were a great number of people who thus became enemies of Aldebaran.

Emilia was at the forefront of that list. This confrontation was the inevitable price he had to pay for the decision he had made.

???: [What’s this~, how peculiar? It seems like you’ve angered her quite a bit~, uncle. That onee-san is terrifying when you anger her, did you know~?]

Aldebaran: [Shut up.]

???: [Ohh, scary, scary.]

Carried on Aldebaran’s shoulders, the immobilized Roy sneered in ridicule. 

The circumstances of Roy’s capture had been through combat with Natsuki Subaru’s group at the Pleiades Watchtower―― naturally, Emilia was also present there. It made sense for him to know her.

Even before that, Roy had eaten many Names and Memories of in Pristella, and it would not have been strange for some of those among them to have known Emilia.

Hence, what he currently ought to focus on was not Roy’s slimy persiflage, but rather――,

Aldebaran: [――. Yo, what a coincidence to run into you here, miss――]

Labouring to select the words for his first vocalization, Aldebaran opened his mouth.

But, unfortunately for the effort he had spent to select those first words, it had been utterly meaningless.

That was because――,

Aldebaran: [――Hk.]

Halfway through Aldebaran’s voice, which aimed to examine his opponent’s approach, Emilia pitched forward, ushering an explosion of the snow accumulated by her feet, her silver hair fluttering as she kicked off the ground. 

Amidst his snow blanketed vision, directly after he perceived the glisten of the fluttering silver hair――,

Emilia: [Eiya!!]

――Sparing no measure, a gauntlet of ice was driven directly into Aldebaran’s solar plexus.

△▼△▼△▼△

――Time rewinds a bit before that blow to the solar plexus.

???: [Subaru and everyone else…!]

???: [That's the word from one of my people. Everyone in the tower has been taken out.]

The one who informed them of this was Felt, who was staying in the Royal Capital at the time.

It was their first reunion since the events of the Watergate City of Pristella, but they had no time to catch up on old times.

To begin with, Emilia's reason for visiting the Royal Capital was not a pleasant one―― she had to report to the Royal Castle that Priscilla Barielle had lost her life in the Vollachian Empire.

Emilia was deeply grieved to have to bring back news that would significantly affect the Royal Selection and, above all, sadden the many who knew and loved Priscilla.

What Felt had told Emilia was a huge blow.

Emilia: [Al…]

‘Why would he do something like that?’ Those were words Emilia could not bring herself to say. 

If Al were to do something reckless now, there was no way it would not be related to Priscilla's death. Al's devastation at losing someone so important to him placed him into an unbearable state, which is why Emilia and the others listened to Subaru's plea and saw them off to the Pleiades Watchtower.

She believed that this would give Al a chance to recover―― or at least a chance to move forward.

But despite that――,

???: [――Felt-sama, may I ask you for more details?]

Next to Emilia, who was biting her lip and clenching her fists, was Otto, who had come to the Royal Capital with her, and asked Felt.

In contrast to Emilia, who was overwhelmed by the devastating news, Otto's expression, with his eyes fixed on Felt, was calm, and his voice was steady. But Emilia knew what it meant when Otto acted like this―― that he was at his angriest.

Felt sensed the quiet pressure emanating from Otto's anger, which was well known to everyone in Emilia's camp, and crossed her arms, replying, "Yeah, sure,"

Felt: [Knight-niichan and the little Spirit are being held captive by the helmet bastard. I don't know how, but it seems he doesn't intend to kill them.]

Otto: [No intention to kill…? What about the others at the tower?]

Felt: [Flam contacted me and said it's okay. Meili and Emilia-neechan's maid are safe. But our Sensei and that Garfiel guy got pretty beat up. It looks like he didn't take their lives.]

Otto: [――. Is that so? Thank you.]

Felt: [That ain't something to thank me for. I would have felt worse if I knew how they were and didn't tell you.]

After telling her everything without hesitation, Felt looked at Emilia, who was still clenching her fists. Struck by the intensity of Felt's gaze, Emilia gasped.

Then, Felt continued as Emilia's cheeks stiffened.

Felt: [We've decided on our plan. We'll use Reinhard to get back to our territory as quickly as possible. We need to consult with Rom-jii and figure out what we need to do next.]

Emilia: [Isn't that the Astrea Domain? If so, it's close to the Augria Sand Dunes, so we can go with you, Felt-chan――]

Otto: [――No, we should not do that, Emilia-sama.]

Emilia: [What?]

Emilia leaned eagerly forward, but Otto's calm voice stopped her.

However, Emilia was confused, as she did not understand why she was being stopped. After all, she had to rush to the tower where Subaru and the others were in trouble.

Emilia: [Is it because Reinhard will have a hard time if there are more of us? Well, it would reaaally be difficult to lighten up anymore, but I'll do my best…!]

Felt: [Even if Emilia and Zodda Bug-niichan join in, it won't make much difference to that guy's workload. But that's not what you’re saying, right?]

Otto: [Regardless of your perception of me, Felt-sama… yes.]

Felt and Otto nodded to each other, while question marks flew above Emilia's head.

However, although Emilia was unable to keep up with what the two of them were thinking, Emilia trusted that those thoughts were correct and had been thoroughly considered. 

Emilia: [Felt-chan, be careful. Tell Reinhard as well. As for Al…]

Felt: [Naturally, when it comes to the Helmet Bastard, I can’t make any promises. Sorry ‘bout that.]

Emilia: [――. No, I’m glad you clearly told me that you cannot make any promises.]

Their reunion was short-lived, and the content of their conversation had not been pleasant in the slightest. Still, Emilia gave Felt a parting hug, and saw the girl, whose expression had become strange, off from the Royal Castle.

Afterward, Felt and the others had been flown to the Astrea Domain by Reinhard, thereupon, it was a matter of performing a large variety of tasks that would be absolutely vital, even so…

Emilia: [Subaru…]

After Felt’s tempestuous departure, Emilia remained in the royal residence  with her gaze cast downward. 

Even now, she had not been able to relax her tightly clenched fists. Felt had said that everyone sent to the Pleiades Watchtower had been made to suffer terribly. 

However, among them, the one Emilia was most anxious about was her Knight, Subaru.

Even in the Empire, he had put in a great effort for the sake of Rem and Spica, he fought alongside Abel, shrunk down to a child, grew big again, and yet he had not been able to save Priscilla.  

The way he had punished himself, by having his many friends from the Empire beat him up, was something she could not bear to watch. Such was Subaru, and betraying the kindness he had shown in consideration of Al――.

Emilia: [I…]

A strange sensation had been lit deep within her chest, and it bubbled forth, making Emilia aware of the heat within her own heart.

A feeling that was neither sad nor heartbreaking, it was an emotion that Emilia had rarely harboured, and was thus greatly perplexing to her.

A sensation like this, within her chest, in the depths of her eyes, at the very core of her heart, this feeling as if vigorously boiling, the last time she had felt this way was―― during her confrontation with Regulus, back in Pristella. 

At Regulus who had bound the hearts of his brides, Sylphy and the others, for utterly selfish reasons, Emilia had been truly, truly furious. The same rage as back then, or perhaps one even greater, now burned within her.

Otto: [Emilia-sama, thank you for granting my plea.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun…]

Emilia, who had realized that she was greatly furious, to the extent of being nearly unable to contain it, had intuitively understood that Otto, who wore a calm expression, was also feeling the same.

That was to be expected. After all, being worried for Subaru and the others, Otto was one among those who had accompanied Emilia and the others to the Empire. This state, could not be allowed to continue――,

Otto: [Eeep!]

Making a loud thwack sound, Emilia slapped her own cheeks with both hands. It was an act so unexpected that Otto exclaimed “Eh, Emilia-sama?” in astonishment.

Feeling sorry about that, Emilia lowered her hands from her stinging cheeks,

Emilia: [Just now, my mind was going haywire, and I didn’t feel like I would be able to speak properly, that’s why. But now, I feel alright! …Well, the alright part was a lie, but I can speak properly.]

Otto: […Is that so. In that case I too shall――.]

Emilia: [Yikes!]

In imitation of Emilia, who had nodded, a thwack resounded as Otto also slapped his own cheeks. Having done so with all this strength, Emilia was startled by the sound that was loud enough to invoke doubts about an impending nosebleed.

However, Otto did not get a nosebleed, but his cheeks were likely just as red as Emilia’s own,

Otto: [――. I shall explain the reason behind why we did not accompany Felt-sama. It is because there would be no point to us going and… to prepare for an unlikely possibility.]

Emilia: […Do continue.]

Emilia did not interrupt the explanation that Otto, with both his hands upon his cheeks, was giving. 

She had questions. She had plenty she wanted to say. But first, she would listen to everything the other person had to say. For Otto would have already prepared a proper reply for nearly everything Emilia was concerned about.

Otto: [If Reinhard-san is on the front lines, then there’s no point sending in anyone based on their military might. Felt-sama must also understand that. But she still returned to her domain––]

Emilia: [––That’s, so she prepared?]

Otto: [That’s right. Just think about it. Aside from Natsuki-san and the others, if Felt-sama’s companions in the Tower were attacked, Reinhard-san would obviously appear. Despite all of that, Al-san… that man took the plunge.]

Finally, Emilia began to understand what Otto was trying to say.

Reinhard was overwhelmingly strong. Most likely, of the people Emilia knew-- no, even including the people she did not know, Reinhard was the strongest in the world. Puck had said so himself, so it had to be true.

Understanding that he would clash against Reinhard, it was strange to expect that Al had nothing prepared. Meaning, Al had definitely prepared something, and so even Reinhard could also be in danger.

Emilia: [Felt-chan was worried about Reinhard so she went back in order to prepare… But then, what about us? If we were preparing, we should do so with Felt-chan and all of the others…]

Otto: [We are the ones after Reinhard-san, that Felt-sama and the others have prepared for.]

Emilia: [--. I see. If he knows Reinhard is coming, and he was preparing for that, and she is planning for that preparation… Umm.]

Otto: [That’s right. Of course, if we begin talking about preparing for plans that were prepared for then there’s no end to the discussion. The reason for that man’s reckless actions is because of what happened in the Empire… even if his plan was thorough, it does not seem likely he would have had much time to prepare.]

Emilia: [...Mm, yeah, that’s right.]

Thanks to the careful and detailed explanation, Emilia’s understanding had caught up to Otto and the others. While Emilia admired the depth with which he thought, she could not help but feel terribly and profoundly sad when Otto intentionally shifted from calling Al-san to “that man.”

Otto had a strong sense of camaraderie. Among Emilia’s friends, his was surely the strongest. It was what made him so reliable, but it also forced him to make painful compromises. 

Nevertheless--,

Emilia: [...I also, don’t know what to think, Al.]

He had a reason. It’s not that she didn’t understand. But, even if he had a reason there were some things that she could not allow or forgive.

She was worried about Subaru. Was Beatrice okay? She had heard that Garfiel was injured. Petra and Meili were undoubtedly filled with anxiety. Subaru’s beloved Patrasche, might also be crying. With roaring flames, the inside of her chest became hot.

Otto: [--It was my mistake.]

Like that, in front of Emilia whose heart was set ablaze with emotions, Otto suddenly muttered this. 

Not understanding the contents of it, Emilia’s eyes unconsciously widened, as she became lost for words. Otto covered his face with the hand that had been resting on his cheek up till now, and stared up at the ceiling. Because he was taller than her, when he did this Emilia was unable to see his face.

However, the trembling of that voice, she understood that it came not just from simple anger. 

Otto: [I thought Natsuki-san was getting too involved. Moving for the sake of what Priscilla-sama’s death left behind, I forced myself to agree in order to save him with a distraction from himself. I tried to convince myself that it would be fine if Beatrice-chan, who had been separated from him, would be by his side. The care and follow up, I thought I could leave it to the brave Petra-chan.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun…]

Otto: [Above everything else, I entrusted everything to Garfiel. Those things that we all should’ve done, we forced onto the straightforward, honest, sensitive Garfiel.]

Emilia: [Otto-kun!]

The moment the tremble in his voice bordered on a complete breakdown, Emilia grabbed both of his arms, and lowered his face with her hand, so that she could face him head-on. Then, she saw it.

--For the first time ever, she saw that Otto’s blue eyes were moist with tears.

Otto: [Damn it… why am I always so thoughtless…]

Emilia: [――――]

Otto: [When my hands cannot reach, when my feet cannot even make it in time, I have no choice but to use my head to make up for those shortcomings. Even though I act like I understand that, even though I pretend to be clever, at the most critical moments I always――]

Emilia: [――!]

No longer did she want to hear any more of Otto’s continuous self-blame, with that tearful face twisted in sorrow. 

So Emilia, without releasing the arm she had been holding, drew him towards herself and hugged Otto’s head against her chest. Perhaps it was the suddenness of Emilia’s unexpected action that rendered Otto frozen without a sound. In the meantime――,

Emilia: [Don’t talk about yourself like that! Otto-kun is always doing his best! We all understand that. And that’s why we want to properly hear what Otto-kun has to say.]

Otto: [Emilia-sama…]

Emilia: [I know! Even though I say this, Otto-kun probably understands it too, right? But I only have my own words, and I can only say what I am thinking, so I can at least say it with my own feelings. So――]

Otto: [――――]

Emilia: [Nothing is over yet. We can still do soooo much more!]

Emilia spoke with a resolute declaration as she tightly held Otto’s head in her arms. Even though it was as if she were telling this to herself, yet at the same time, she still carried the belief that her words were true. 

It was something that none other than Emilia’s Knight, Natsuki Subaru, had woven into her being time and time again.

Together, Emilia and Subaru had crafted this unshakable trust to be the very thing they took the greatest pride  in.

Emilia: [We are reaaally bad at giving up.]

Indeed, they were not good at it――holding their heads down in distress, to curl up and flee from it all. And it is precisely because they could not do that, that they had no choice but to unyieldingly press on and do their best without ever giving up.

Perhaps Emilia’s appeal had found its way to him. Suddenly, Otto’s body, which had been rigid until this moment, relaxed and then,

Otto: […Please let go of my arms, or I will be killed by Natsuki-san.]

Emilia: [No, no one will die! It’s for that reason we are doing this…]

Otto: [I understand! I understand, so please let go of me!]

Emilia begrudgingly let go of the squirming Otto’s arms. She watched him intently, as if to ensure that he had truly recovered. Otto wiped his brow with a handkerchief and let out a sigh.

It was a large, deep sigh.

Otto: [I know it is not the time for this, but I just remembered.] 

Emilia: [What did you remember?]

Otto: [――the reason as to why I am giving my assistance to Natsuki-san and Emilia-sama.]

Otto spoke these words calmly, using his handkerchief to lightly wipe away the remaining traces of tears. The expression he held now was a stark contrast to the anger that had once contorted his features moments before, for whatever he had just recalled had just conjured a newfound face of bravery.

Otto: [The enemy has abducted both Natsuki-san and Beatrice-chan There must be a reason as to why they did this. The aim of abductions is generally to threaten related parties, or perhaps even the abductees themselves…]

Emilia: [So it’s either us or Subaru, right?]

Otto: [Yes. If the “divine dragon” truly is involved, it will prove to be an issue for the entire kingdom. Whatever role we must fulfill, let us do so in the Royal Capital.]

Emilia: [――. Yes, let’s do that. We have to move chipperly.]

As she listened to Otto’s future plans, Emilia was doing her best to suppress her own impulses.

Emilia: [――――]

These delayed impulses were an overwhelming urge to rush out at once to help out Subaru and the others. Things that Otto’s rationale had constructed, such as Reinhard’s presence and Felt’s readiness, her fervent desire threatened to push them all away.

She wanted to touch him. She wanted to look at him. She wanted to hear his voice.

When he got hurt, when he surely wanted to lower his head, she yearned to be by his side.

Emilia: [――Subaru.]

Anger was not the emotion that scorched Emilia’s chest, yet she could not grasp what it was that stirred within her whatsoever.

 △▼△▼△▼△

Emilia: [Hyaah!!]

Storming in without so much as listening to a word, she drove a strike carrying every fiber of her being into Al’s solar plexus. ――All of what had been unfolding was at the behest of Otto, who had dispatched Emilia here.

Otto: [Please suppress the urge to listen to the enemy’s side of the story. All of that can be done in due time, but for now we must ensure the opposing side does not reveal their cards.]

Otto, who had urged Emilia forward as she bolted out, had been invoking his Divine Protection of the Soul of Language to trace the whereabouts of Al and the others. As a result, his already pale complexion had blanched into the deathly pallor of a man beset by illness.

He had not wanted her to do anything reckless. But in moments when recklessness was being demanded, there was no sanctuary in another option. Emilia simply had not been living a life that permitted the luxury for her to avoid being reckless.

That was why Emilia was exerting herself, so that she could bring an end to this recklessness even a little sooner.

Emilia: [How do you――]

Just as Emilia had been about to shout “like this!”, she felt a peculiar sensation in her ice-hardened fist.

Her gauntlet should have made contact with Al’s bare form, but the recoil was making it feel as though she had punched a hard, steadfast wall――

Al: [Hitting me out of the blue…!]

Al uttered these words as they squeezed out from his throat, his torso shielded by a coat of stone armor.

Otto had instructed her to perform this preemptive strike, but it had failed. Still, this was not the time to dwell on it. ――If the first strike did not connect, then she would just have to try again a second and third time.

Al: [So y’ain’t even gonna listen to me? Damn, that’s cold.]

Emilia: [That’s not fair! Al is the one who――mmmph.]

Al: [Huh?]

Emilia: [It’s the promise――I’m not supposed to talk about it!]

Though Al’s stone armor had absorbed the punch, the impact was catapulting him backward just as he was beginning to speak. Emilia had forcibly clamped her mouth shut mid-retort, then formed a two-handed hammer of ice, sweeping it at him in a horizontal strike.

The one-armed Al was bearing a small figure slung over his right shoulder. Emilia deemed exploiting his handicap to be unfair, yet she deliberately aimed a blow toward Al’s left side. 

A strike like this――one of full force, was going to be very painful if it landed. But the pain would not be all the strike would bring.

Al: [Hk!]

Al caught Emilia’s underhanded attack with his left arm――a magically conjured limb of stone. But despite blocking the attack, he clicked his tongue and promptly shattered and discarded the arm he had gone through the trouble of creating.

The reason for this was that the area struck by the ice hammer was beginning to freeze, and the encroaching ice was on the verge of reaching Al’s flesh.

Otto: [If we set aside our emotional concerns, capturing that man alive is an absolute necessity to rescue Natsuki-san and the others. In that respect, Emilia-sama’s fighting style is a compatible fit. However――] 

Emilia: [――I promised that I won’t be reckless like Subaru!]

Bearing in mind that exchange and the promise she had forged with Otto before her departure, Emilia was conjuring a new set of twin ice swords. ――Emilia’s Ice Brand Arts had gained a new variation.

Her weapons of ice froze any opponent they struck, immobilizing both body and weapon. It demanded a modest increase in Mana in comparison to her ordinary weapons, but such a price was trivial should she not engage in multiple battles.

To stop an opponent without taking their life――this was what Emilia desired, a yearning made attainable through her newly honed martial art.

Roy: [Ah-haha~! Hey Uncle, it seems you’ve gotten yourself into a real pickle, haven’t you~?]

Aldebaran: [Shut it!]

Al flung aside his frozen prosthetic arm and yelled at the one who had taunted him.

When Emilia saw that the person that Al had been stubbornly carrying to such an extent was none other than Roy Alphard, who was being held in the prison tower, she bit her lip.

Roy was a Sin Archbishop that Emilia’s group had worked hard to capture at the Pleiades Watchtower with the help of the Anastasia Camp. Julius in particular had tried his hardest, and Emilia looked favorably on his decision not to take Roy’s life, as well as Anastasia’s courage in acknowledging him.

Emilia: [And yet, you’ve made light of their efforts…!]

Whatever his reasons, Emilia was determined to stop Al at that moment. And she would also make sure that Roy, whom Al took, would remain imprisoned there.

Aldebaran: [There’s no reason for me to go along with that plan, though.]

Immediately after he uttered that with enthusiasm, Al’s feet suddenly rose, and the two runaways were launched into the sky.

He distanced himself from Emilia and acted as if he were trying to run away from the current situation. It was too late to react, and Emilia would not have been able to catch up, even if she were to use her ice.

However――,

Emilia: [――Icicle Line.]

A barrier of ice and snow was constructed around the prison tower, preventing escape.

With a “Guoh-!?”, Al's scream rang out in the sky as his escape was thwarted by the canopy of ice spreading out over the area surrounding him, completely covering it.

As Al’s head collided against the icy ceiling and he began to fall upside down, Emilia circled around to where he was about to fall and slammed her twin ice swords into Al midair――,

Emilia: [――Hk!?]

The twin swords’ strikes were met with a hard sensation, and Emilia’s eyes widened as she let out a gasp. 

She would not have been surprised if Al were to catch them with a prosthetic arm, like he did before. Al had indeed created a new arm, but that was not all he made. ――What he produced was a pair of twin swords made of stone.

Aldebaran: [Earth Brand Arts, or something like that.]

Emilia: [You’re just copying me…!]

Aldebaran: [This was thought up by Natsuki Subaru, yeah? Then I’ve got a right to use it.]

In front of Emilia, her eyes wide open, Al spun from the recoil of their clashing swords of ice and stone; and distancing himself from her, he landed on the snowy ground.

With a sound, stone weapons began forming one after another around Al. Emilia braced herself at the realization that Al could essentially replicate her Ice Brand Arts with his Earth Magic.

Al was equipped with an arm and weapons made of stone―― but Roy, who was supposed to have been on his shoulder a moment ago, was nowhere to be seen.

Emilia: [Don’t tell me…]

Aldebaran: [Yeah, it would’ve been cool to say I let him get away in the confusion just now… but that ain’t gonna happen. I just let go of him ‘cause he was getting in the way. Look over there.]

Emilia’s shoulders jumped, but Al just shrugged and jerked his chin. He pointed to the pillar of earth that had risen earlier, to which Roy was stuck upside down in the middle of it.

Roy, who was tied to the pillar with a blanket of earth, laughed upon being met with Emilia’s gaze,

Roy: [Hang in there, Onee-san. If Onee-san doesn’t win, we’ll have no choice but to do whatever that old guy says. Huh? But even if Onee-san wins, we’ll still go back into that prison tower…haha, guess it doesn’t even matter who wins, right?]

Emilia: […If you can wake up and reflect on your actions, then do it. Wake up and repent.]

She answered Roy, whose unmoving gaze clung to her. A quiet sense of relief had stirred within Emilia, for she had not let him slip away, and she had turned back to Al.

Roy had been bound by magic, and perilously, the seal placed upon him had been undone. While entombed in a stasis with time itself, reflection had been impossible for him. Thus, Emilia’s compromise had been manifested: she was going to confine him in an environment from which he could not escape, and while his consciousness remained, he would be forced to reckon with the weight of his deeds. 

Emilia: [All that can come later, once everything here’s all sorted out.]

Al: [That’s fine, but… what, you finally feel like talking to me now?]

Emilia: [Oh! …I’ll start with this then. From here on out, I won’t say another word.]

Al: [You’re so cold. I figured if I talked to you lil’ miss, you’d understand――whoa!]

Al desired to continue speaking, but his words had been severed by a stake of ice Emilia hurled at him――a silent proclamation of her intent. As Al leapt sideways to evade it, Emilia circled to his side, thrusting a spear of frost into his flank. 

The tip of the ice spear had been caught by a stone sword’s blade, and both weapons shattered simultaneously.

Emilia instantly conjured her next spear while Al created another sword, and the two began to engage in relentless combat. It was a duel where weapons had been broken and remade, then forged only to break again, an endless cycle without reprieve.

Roy: [Nice, sure, fine, of course, perhaps good, it’s great isn’t it? Of course, because I believe it is! Overindulgence! Gluttony!]

The sound of Roy licking his lips could be heard as he watched Emilia and Al clash with weapons of ice and rock.

Having deliberately tuned out the noises, Emilia unleashed several ice attacks. Attacks that she was certain would strike true. Yet Al had precariously dodged, the narrow evasions filling Emilia with a growing sensation that something was amiss. 

Her attacks had appeared to hit, but in truth they did not. It felt akin to driving a kick into formless water.

More than anything――,

Al: [――I don’t really wanna praise it, but that’s a damn good technique. I envy the perfect connection y’all got with each other, ‘lil miss.]

At that outrageous remark――Emilia became furious.

Such a wicked and tyrannical king must be eliminated, she had thought. Then she remembered that Subaru had told her that this was a stock phrase people used when angry――and once again with that memory, Emilia became furious.

She did not want Al to speak of herself and Subaru in such a manner.

And what had infuriated Emilia even more was the knowledge that Al did not genuinely believe his own words. He had been merely prodding her in a deliberate attempt to invoke her fury.

And also――,

Emilia: [I’ve been thinking about this for a while, but why does Al look so lonely when he talks to me?]

Al: [――. You don’t talk to me though…] 

Emilia: [Don’t bring that up only when it’s convenient! And one more thing!]

With a resounding cry, Emilia swung down a giant sword of ice, and Al had positioned a stone sword above his head to block the strike――then suddenly, someone latched onto Al’s legs and waist. 

Al gasped, and the ones who clung to him were none other than the owners of the ice arms――Ice Soldiers. 

Taking note of the Ice Soldiers, each sculpted in the likeness of Subaru, on whom Emilia so deeply relied upon, Al had clenched his teeth muttering, “This is the worst…!”

Then, Emilia lifted her leg, her foot sheathed in a boot of ice――

Emilia: [――When you talk to me, look at me properly!!]

This time, the kick that had been launched with the full force of her being, pierced through the rock defenses and slammed directly into Al.
                
△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

Felt was keen to notice Yae's subtle reaction as she raised her eyebrows slightly.

The truth was, she was not sure. But in that helpless situation, she decided to cling to every last shred of hope, thinking that any further embarrassment would be insignificant.

One of them was the hope that the conversation between her and Yae might be overheard by something insignificant, which reminded her of the time when she had been made to face death, and the anticipation that came with it.

Yae: [Quiet.]

Yae opened one of her usually closed eyes and advanced toward the door of the room.

The overwhelming power of her words was enough to make Felt believe that if she made a careless move, a thread hanging around her neck would be pulled.

Because of that, the immobile Felt was left behind, and Yae reached out to open the door――but in that instant, a sharp sword tip pierced the door without a sound and mercilessly thrust toward Yae's throat.

Felt: [――Hk.]

Felt's breath caught in her throat as she saw Yae's white throat pierced by the sword ――but no. The tip of the sword stopped just before it sliced into her throat.

It was not her opponent who stopped. Yae managed to prevent the sword by entangling the tip with a thread.

It was a brush with death, but Yae was not out of danger yet. ――Another sword flashed, cutting through the door, creating a storm of slashing light.

Yae: [――――]

Faced with the oncoming storm of swords, Yae leaped backward and wielded her threads.

Despite one being a sword and the other a thread, the clash of the two weapons produced a satisfying sound like steel striking steel, filling the room with sparks of light that burned Felt's eyes.

Yae skillfully maneuvered her hands, releasing a volley of threads that filled the room, tearing apart the luxurious interior. However, her opponent also put on an impressive display of swordplay with both hands, cutting through the onslaught head-on, then forcefully sweeping aside the threads that were entangling their sword――,

???: [Gyaaaah!]

Yae: [――Guh.]

A front kick was delivered, landing squarely on Yae's slender waist. Yae twisted her body at the last moment and was thrown into a half-spin, landing on the floor with her feet against the wall and her hands pressed against her stomach.

Then, she stared directly at the intruder,

Yae: [What a ruthless guest you are, suddenly kicking a lady in the stom~ach!]

???: [――Is it necessary? You are a shinobi, so there can be no mercy.]

Yae: [Isn't that discrimination against Shinobi? That's not very gentlemanly behavior, now is it?]

???: [Unfortunately, I cannot recall a time when I was deserving of being called a gentleman. No matter the circumstances, I am nothing more than a swordsman, capable only of swinging a sword.]

That said, he flicked the threads from his swords and turned his calm blue eyes toward Yae. ――Hearing that self-assessment, Felt muttered, “Don't say dumb crap.“

To be sure, she did not know if he was a gentleman or not. However, simply calling one a swordsman was not enough. Felt knew that many would not accept such a description on its own.

Because the man who called himself a swordsman is the “Sword Demon” who once defeated the pinnacle of swordsmanship――,

???: [――Wilhelm Trias. Upon hearing that the kingdom was in dire straits, I came at once, despite my meager abilities.]

Upon hearing that introduction, Felt retreated to the corner of the room and sighed.

With unexpected reinforcements arriving, she was filled with extremely complicated emotions――,

Felt: […That Zodda-bug-niichan, you really don't hold back, do you? …What's with that guy from Emilia-neechan's place?]

With that, she muttered in equal parts amazement and admiration.
