Petra: [――Possibility, as compensation.]

Ascertaining what she had been informed of by repeating it, Petra furrowed her well-shaped eyebrows.

Possibility, that was the article necessary in exchange for using the mysterious power of Teleport that Clind was endowed with. She had been envisaging the requirement to be something simpler to comprehend, like vast amounts of Mana or a rare Magic Crystal――,

“Subaru”: [Possibility as compensation, the hell’s that s’pposed ta mean.]

Faced with the same question as Petra, Imaginary Subaru greatly wrenched his neck. Making proper use of his nature as a substanceless phantom, he rotated horizontally in the air, ardently appealing his lack of understanding for Clind’s elucidation.

But then again, that cute appeal of his was only visible to Petra.

“Subaru”: [First of all, did this guy just say “Witch Factor of Tristitia”? He did, right? Witch Factor was one of those useless-sounding keywords Echidna mentioned!]

Petra: […I don’t really think too fondly of that Witch of Greed, so I don’t know how much I can trust her.]

“Subaru”: [Well, I guess, she’s one of those types who easily cause misunderstandings. I don’t trust her at heart, but if you consider it to be a show of her lack of personability, I do think it puts things in a different light. She’s unquestionably ill-natured. Ill-natured, but.]

Petra: [Yeah. With my handkerchief… Never mind.]

Attention turning to something outside the topic of compensation, the voice of Imaginary Subaru trembled, and Petra averted her eyes from him.

The disconsolate spectacle she had witnessed via the Book of the Dead, the method Subaru had adopted in order to bring it to an end, one prepared by that Witch, was not something Petra ever wanted to vocalise. Something she wished to not look upon directly it was, yet it also was something she was unable to turn a blind eye to; troublesome just the right amount.

Anyhow――,

Meili: [Witch Factor would mea~n, that Butler-san was also a Sin Archbisho~p?]

Meili, who was in a sense a natural airhead, cut right into the details difficult to ask.

‘Twas a term that Petra would have had no recollection of prior to reading the Book of the Dead, but it seemed Meili had gotten an opportunity to learn about Witch Factors. The relationship between not only the Witch Factors and the Witches―― but also the Sin Archbishops, was something Petra also considered she must necessarily enquire about.

In all honesty――,

“Subaru”: [If this Clind-san’s a Sin Archbishop like Petelgeuse was, then I don’t know how much I can trust the harmonious conversation till now…]

Petra: [Can you really say that, Subaru, after having forgiven Spica-chan, who used to be the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony?]

“Subaru”: [The hell are you saying!? There’s no way I’d forgive Gluttony after all that they made Rem go through!?]

Petra: […It may be better to take a moment and show you my recent memories.]

Like his relationship with Beatrice, chronologically, the Subaru Petra saw in the Book of the Dead had many discrepancies in knowledge and relationships with the present Subaru. Thinking back to it, she remembered Subaru speaking ill of Echidna every once in a while, hence much had to have happened between Subaru and Echidna in an extent unbeknownst to Petra, she conjectured.

She was, unmistakably, a bad woman, therefore Petra’s instincts were right. ――And, in addition to conducting this mental conference, Petra kept a close eye on Clind alongside Meili. 

She had faith that Clind was no villain, and there was also the precedent of the former Sin Archbishop Spica, but her being able to trust the other party without reservations just yet the way Emilia could was a wholly different matter. Although, that simplicity of Emilia’s was adorable and charming, so she wished to quickly grow up the same way.

Clind: [Albeit Meili’s misgivings are a matter of course, I am not a Sin Archbishop. Refutation. To begin with, the Witch Factor of Tristitia is an article of an exceptional kind. Unenumerated. Even were I one compatible with this Factor, I would not be enlisted among the ranks of Witches or Sin Archbishops. Outcast.]

Petra: [――――]

Clind: [The erstwhile owner… the one compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia, named himself as the Warlock of Tristitia. Self-named… no, named by another. That individual had no fixations towards any manner of address, but his wife simply deemed it would be suitable to call him as such and named him. Pet name.]

Petra: [Warlock…]

Subaru: [Not a Witch but a Warlock! I totally get it. Would’ve been worried had he said “man-witch” or something like that.] [1]

As if it had conformed to his sensibilities, Imaginary Subaru displayed his admiration with a snap of his fingers. On the other hand, Petra looked at Clind as she whispered the word.

If this explanation were to also apply to Clind himself,

Petra: [Then, does that mean you’re also a Warlock of Tristitia, Clind-niisama?]

Clind: [No. Refutation. I am not compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia. Consequently, I necessitate compensation in order to draw out the Authority of Tristitia. Inadequate. By nature, those compatible with a Witch Factor do not require compensation in order to exercise the Authority. It is the right to rewrite the world, as recognized by Od Lagna. Official.]

Meili: [A right to rewrite the world, hu~h. I often hear about i~t, but I wish this Od Lagna person was a bit more selective about who that is given to~.]

“Subaru”: [Agreed with Meili.]

Meili tapered her lips in displeasure as Imaginary Subaru’s intangible hand patted her head, whilst Petra put a finger on her lips and processed the information.

She wished to believe Clind’s repudiation of being a Sin Archbishop, of being a Warlock. Following that, regarding the special power seemingly brought forth by the Witch Factor―― she digested the rule that for a person incompatible, compensation was required to utilize that which a compatible party could employ to their heart’s content.

If that was the payment to use Clind’s Teleport, no, Compression, then,

Petra: [Let’s say, if the Witch Factor in Clind-niisama’s possession was used by someone else… by me, then can your Teleport be used as much as I want without paying the compensation?]

“Subaru”: [Petra! That’s totally one of those things that won’t end well so stop it!]

Petra: [Why? Subaru, you know it too, right…? That your Return by Death is without a doubt the same as those Witch Factors Clind-niisama is talking about.]

“Subaru”: [That’s…]

The moment it hit him, Imaginary Subaru sank to silence with a bitter expression.

At the tea party with Echidna, Subaru had learned the truth of having intaken a Witch Factor―― back then, the topic had been about that which had belonged to the Sin Archbishop of Sloth whom he had defeated just prior, but upon considering everything including the reason for the Witch of Envy’s fixation to Subaru, then there was probably more to it.

Return by Death, was neither Magic nor Curse Arts nor honed technique, it was a clearly disparate power―― in other words, there was a high chance that it was an Authority. If so, Natsuki Subaru was a Warlock all the same.

Petra: [In that case, I don’t mind becoming a Witch. I’m not afraid if I’m with Subaru, after all.]

“Subaru”: […You may be jumping to the wrong conclusion. Regardless of whether my Return by Death is an Authority or whatever, you know, there’s an unavoidable pattern in “another world” stories of receiving a gift from a god who won’t even show their face yet.]

Petra: [Subaru, you keep a lot of secrets, but you’re a bad liar.]

That was perhaps why he must have kept things hidden, always avoiding conversation to stop himself from revealing any of his secrets.

Cherishing the kindness of her beloved with affection, Petra closed her eyes, then once again looked back at Clind. Clind slightly widened his eyes, his expression suggesting awe at her gaze and strength of will――,

Clind: [Regrettably, that method cannot be adopted. Rejection.]

Petra: [――Hk, why?]

Clind: [To begin with, it is inconceivable that you, Petra, would be compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia. This Factor and one other, the Factor of Vanagloria, are both unenumerated… no, supernumerary is the right word. They are exceptional Factors, with each having been fine-tuned to their respectively singular and uniquely compatible persons―― the Valiant and the Saintess. Tailored. They shan’t ever be compatible with any other, and besides.] [2] [3]

Petra: […Besides?]

Clind: [Even they who were compatible, were unable to escape the corruption of their minds. Disgrace.]

Casting his eyes down, Clind pursed his lips. From his response, Petra was able to intuit that the aforementioned compatible individuals―― the Valiant and the Saintess, were two people with whom he had been acquainted. Furthermore, the person singularly compatible with the Witch Factor of Tristitia, the very Warlock of Tristitia whose mind had fallen into corruption, was that Valiant.

Moreover, the fact that Clind possessed the Witch Factor of that Warlock, signified that said Valiant no longer existed in this world――,

Meili: [Yea~h, yea~h, I know you’re talking about something really impo~rtant, but since Petra-chan’s dangerous determination won’t wo~rk, let’s get back to the main topic, o~kay?]

Petra: [Mph, dangerous, you say…]

Meili: [It was totally dangero~us. Even if Petra-chan takes a liking to something like a Witch Factor, I’m definitely against it. You can’t rely on that kind of powe~r.]

Petra: [Meili-chan…]

She could tell they were words of genuine concern for Petra, devoid of malice.

Meili knew about Witch Factors without having attended the Witch’s tea party. Judging from her phrasing, she may have encountered a being in possession of a Witch Factor―― a Sin Archbishop. Her advice was, yet, ironic.

“Subaru”: [――――]

Lowering his brows, Imaginary Subaru gazed at Meili with an expression that was too gentle to be one borne of mixed feelings.

The incident surrounding the Sanctuary and the Roswaal mansion, and having been captured in the midst of it all, Meili had also been involved in the matter―― in the deaths of Petra and Frederica, that she herself had witnessed in the Book of the Dead.

That Petra and Meili’s relationship did not end as merely that of victim and aggressor of Death, was thanks to none other than Subaru’s Return by Death. 

Because of that, Petra could not help but think that a power depended upon how it was used――,

Petra: […Yeah, I understand.]

Meili: [That’s ri~ght. You’re a good gi~rl.]

Meili was visibly relieved by Petra’s reply. Holding the former’s hand, Petra nodded.

Either way, if the Witch Factor of Tristitia was not compatible with Petra, then the strategy of becoming the Factor’s holder in Clind’s stead and ignoring the compensation would not work.

Petra being the Witch to Subaru’s Warlock was solely a charming scenario, but an alternative that ought to be abandoned if it had no merit.

Clind: [Per Meili’s words, let us return to the main topic. Restatement. Anyhow, as I explained, payment of the compensation will be required. And, that compensation is the potential to exert influence upon the world. Possibility.]

Petra: [――. Could you please explain it in more detail?]

Clind: [For example, let us say there is a magic spell that can start a fire with a single incantation. Its convenience goes without saying, and contingent upon this spell a great number of futures may open up. Prospects. Cooking, medicine, metalwork, smithing, warfare… there is no time to list them all. Extensive. This is potential influence, ergo, possibility. Thus――]

Petra: […If that spell were to be offered as compensation, everything that would have happened due to that spell would disappear?]

Clind: [In its place, there will remain a vacancy where the possibility would have originally been used in the world. In the place of that vacancy, that margin, the incompatible Authority of Tristitia can be exercised. Conclusion.]

With that finale, Petra understood that Clind had finished the necessary explanation.

What he was saying, she understood. ――In short, it was a matter of resources. There was a limit to the resources for operating the world which Od Lagna was managing. 

The condition for using Clind’s Authority was to sacrifice something to create a leftover of resources that were originally being exhausted to their limit, and then surreptitiously make use of that surplus.

Having come to that realization, the clever and lovely Petra noticed one more thing.

Petra: […Clind-niisama, we used your Authority a lot to get to the Empire. What about the compensation for that?]

Clind: [――. From the Master. Confidential.]

Petra: […Seriously, ew.]

With vexation and abhorrence, the pits of Petra’s stomach churned.

Everyone from the Camp had mustered the entirety of their strengths to save Subaru and the others from that situation. Beatrice had remained asleep, believing that she would be reunited with Subaru, and Otto had even compromised his principles to seek help from his hometown. Emilia had desperately indicated her decision, and Petra had also intended to do everything possible.

And yet, the fact that the one to pay the most compensation for it, withholding from even divulging this truth, had been Roswaal, was an unbearable humiliation for Petra. 

“Subaru”: [What could it be, something like the desire for atonement? Like, an apology for the Sanctuary or the mansion?]

Petra: [I don’t think it would be an easily understandable sentiment like that. That’s why I hate the Master…!]

“Subaru”: [Yeah, you’re right to be angry, Petra…]

The Imaginary Subaru had still not read Petra’s memories of the Empire, so he was unable to empathize with her emotions, which was frustrating. However, Petra did not want him to understand even this ugly, grimy enviousness of hers, so she cast that grime into the well of her heart, closed the lid, and nailed it shut, never to peek inside.

Her dissatisfaction with Roswaal was nothing new. Furthermore, it made sense that Roswaal was the most suitable person to fulfill the conditions for using Clind’s Authority.

Petra: [The Master has many things that seem like they could be given as compensation, like his magic or Magicreation Tools.]

Of course, it was not a matter of lightly relinquishing those things however much just because of their abundance.

It remained unclear whether Od Lagna would consider the degree of emotional attachment in its evaluation, but what had been mentioned was a “possibility” that would have exerted influence upon the world had it not been relinquished. Whatever that may be, Petra did not believe that something lacking emotional attachment could move the world.

――“Possibility”, necessitated passion and emotional attachment.

To offer something bereft of that to try and obtain inexpensive salvation was tawdry, and there was no way such wretched reasoning would ever succeed in regaining something truly important. 

That was why Petra――,

Meili: [――I’m willing to offer somethi~ng.]

“Subaru”: [Oi, oi.]

Having reached the same idea as Petra, Meili quietly murmured. While Imaginary Subaru blinked in astonishment, Meili continued with an “After a~ll”,

Meili: [Going back to it, the fact that I’m alive is all thanks to onii-san and the others letting me off the hoo~k. I’m not trying to repay that favor or anythi~ng, but it’s pretty straightforward logic I suppo~se.]

“Subaru”: [Petra, stop this girl… Stop Meili! I don’t know what went on between the me of the present and her, but I would’ve never saved her with that intention!]

Petra: [Mhm, you’re right.]

What Imaginary Subaru was saying, his expression shifting, she could readily accept.

Subaru saving Meili had not been something so calculated as to make her exert herself or compel her to repay the favor at some point, it had been simply because he had wanted to save her.

Subaru would surely never let Meili close the door on her possibilities.

Petra: [You can’t, Meili-chan. The most valuable among everything that you can offer is your Divine Protection that controls Witchbeasts, and without that, you’re worthless.]

Meili: [He~y! Petra-chan, you’re being so mea~n!]

Petra: [Sorry. Worthless is a bit too far. Meili-chan, you’d be reduced to just being cute.]

Truth be told, Subaru, Emilia and everyone else would likely say that was still fine. However, Meili, of all people, could not accept becoming just a cute girl.

Petra was painfully aware of this. ――Cute girls could not remain just as cute girls, as much as everyone around them would think. 

???: [――Petra-sama, Meili-sama.]

Suddenly, a voice startled them, and Petra and the others turned around toward the dragon carriage. There, jumping down the carriage and rushing towards them, was a girl’s―― Flam’s figure.

During their travel across the Augria Sand Dunes, she had spontaneously lost her consciousness, but had now woken up. The circumstances behind Flam losing her consciousness had been tied to her Divine Protection――,

Petra: [Flam-chan, thank goodness you’re awake――]

Flam: [The conditions for using the Divine Protection of Mindspeak have been met. I can contact my sister… Grassis. Communication should be possible with Felt-sama and Rachins-sama as well.]

Petra: [――――]

Rather than ascertaining safety and well-being, prioritizing quickly relaying her own situation was Flam. 

That she must have wanted to establish contact with her people in regards to Reinhard and the Witch of Envy clashing immediately after waking up, yet withstood the urge to was something only to be grateful for. 

Unquestionably, after receiving communication from Flam and learning of the frenzy that Al had enkindled, the Felt Camp would also be in the position to move the situation towards its resolution.

“Subaru“: [With Reinhard unable to move, there’s no telling how much we could rely on Felt or Rom-jii…]

Petra: [――. No. We shouldn’t be stubborn about doing this on our own.]

“Subaru“: [Petra…]

Petra: [After all, this is no longer just our problem, it’s a problem for everyone in the Kingdom.]

Al was on a rampage, having captured the persons of Natsuki Subaru and Beatrice―― the situation was no longer a miniscule problem of that kind, but rather had escalated to a national, even a global crisis intertwining the Sword Saint, the Divine Dragon, and the Witch of Envy. 

That was why it was important for Petra and the others, who knew the situation best, to spare no expense in conveying information.

Petra: [Flam-chan, find out where Felt-sama and the others are right away. As long as we know where they are, we can join them with Clind-niisama here.]

Flam: [――Hk, understood.]

With Petra arranging the procedure and giving her this instruction, Flam glanced at Clind for a moment, but resisted the urge to ask for more details and immediately agreed.

Instead, Meili tugged at Petra’s sleeves and asked, “Petra-chan?”.

Meili: [We still haven’t finished discussing the compensation to give to Butler-sa~n.]

Petra: [――No, I’ve already made up my mind about that.]

Meili: [Eh~h?]

Meili’s eyes widening at Petra’s answer, the latter gently unfastened Meili’s grip on her sleeve and quickly approached Clind, then glanced at Imaginary Subaru from the corner of her eye.

Despite knowing that he, who was staring at her actions with incredulity, was simply a convenient illusion for her to see, 

Petra: [Cover your ears for a moment.]

In response to Petra’s request, the Imaginary Subaru paused momentarily and meekly obeyed. Once he did plug his ears, Petra stood on her tiptoes and pronounced a “Clind-niisama”. Subsequently, she brought her mouth close to Clind’s ear and softly whispered. 

That was――,

Clind: [――――]

Petra: [――So, would that work as compensation?]

As Petra lowered her heels and asked the question in a hushed voice, Clind froze and widened his eyes. Petra tilted her head slightly, making a gesture that pushed on the uppermost bounds of her cuteness, to which Clind let out an exhale. 

With a long, deep sigh, he removed his monocle and, with face bared, regarded Petra once more.

Clind: [It ought to be possible. Estimation. However, Petra, that is――]

Petra: [Thank goodness.]

Clind: [――――]

Petra: [I always knew it, though. ――That I had the “possibility” to move the world.]

Puffing out her chest in pride, Petra disallowed Clind from speaking any further.

She had received the answer to a question she could have only posed to Clind. Regardless of what it was, Petra held pride in that answer―― Clind was Clind. His assessment may not necessarily coincide with Od Lagna’s, but at the very least, Clind had recognized the value of that “possibility”.

Petra: [I’ll offer the compensation, Clind-niisama. Together, we can save the world… No, something like the world doesn’t really matter to me. It’s just, I want to save the people who are precious to me.]

Clind: [――Understood, Petra. Amongst all the girls I have met, you are the bravest. Admiration.]

Clind gave a deep bow, one akin to those he gave to Annerose or Roswaal, or perhaps to people whom he thought to be splendid from the bottom of his heart. 

In response, Petra returned a smile and noticed Meili staring at her. Seeing somewhat of an uneasiness in her round eyes, Petra gently embraced her.

Meili: [I don’t really kno~w, but, I’m pretty sure Petra-chan is a huge idio~t.]

Petra: [Hehe, that’s so mean. I’m smart, cute, and cool.]

Petra retorted to Meili’s rude remark and hugged her. Then she looked over her shoulder at the Imaginary Subaru standing there, looking utterly lost.

Finally, Imaginary Subaru lowered his hands from his ears, his face being so endlessly dear for her to look at, Petra broke past her personal record for maximum cuteness, and declared.

Petra: [Subaru, I love you.]

 

 

Translation notes:

 

[1] Witch “魔女” is put together using the Kanji “魔” and “女” (woman), but Warlock, sometimes used for male holders of Witch Factors, puts together “魔” and “人” (person) to make up “魔人” . Though this can be read as devil without context, Re: Zero uses it to contrast the feminine Witch, and thus it is rendered as Warlock by English standards. Imaginary Subaru is making a bit of a joke about it not being “魔男”, putting together “魔” and “男” (man), which would literally be a masculine form, but is not a real word and thus comes off a bit odd. This is also why we are sticklers about using “Warlock” rather than the translation of “Devil” given by official translations.

[2] Much like how we used “Tristitia” instead of “Melancholy” at the end of the previous chapter, we’re going with “Vanagloria” instead of “Vainglory” or “Vanity”, as official translations opt for, to align. Seeing as these two Factors are special, we have deemed it logical to group them together in their translations as well, opting for the Latin. Though originally translated as “Vainglory” by SummaryAnon, “Vanagloria” is not so massively different as for us not to say it’s been used for longer, too.

[3] Interestingly enough, the terms used here are the kind of term you’d commonly see used in Japanese games and literature belonging to the fantasy genre, being that “勇者” (lit. “courageous individual”), which you see translated here as “Valiant”, is normally translated as “Hero” or “Brave”, and “聖女”, which you see translated here as “Saintess”, is normally translated as “Saint”. These are typical forefront roles in the party of main characters, typically to go on a large quest to take down some big bad. Take in mind that, to distinguish the former from “英傑”and “英雄”, which you’ll see translated all over the story as “Hero”, we’ve gone for a translation that captures the nuances of courage and valor present in the original Japanese.
