*This is a Work in Progress, everything is subject to change*

<insert part 1> Coming soon

<insert part 2> Coming soon

△▼△▼△▼△

After she left the reception area, Rem wandered around the mansion at her leisure.

Every time she stopped, Ram followed her and spoke of memories associated with the places they passed, such as, “That's the flower bed where Barusu covered himself with fertilizer,” or “Here is the pillar where Garf left gnaw marks. He will be scolded later“, and “Look, the portrait of the Great Spirit-sama that Emilia-sama and Beatrice-sama drew on the ground is still there.” There was no time for her to feel lonely.

However, despite Ram's companionship and thoughtfulness, Rem could not find something that would give her the impetus she felt she needed."

Rem: [Oh, there are more children who look like Ryuzu-sama…]

Ram: [Those are Picos. They were taken out of the Sanctuary and are currently undergoing training from square one.]

Rem: […My situation is similar to that of Sylphy-san and those children.]

Unlike Ryuzu, who seemed unusually mature for her age, these girls looked as innocent as their appearance suggested. ――With Pico at the forefront, they could be seen all over the spacious Roswaal mansion, helping out as maids dressed in the same uniform as Sylphy.

Those girls, who looked so earnest, seemed to have been born with a destiny different from most people, but now they had been freed from their fate and were in the midst of living a different life.

On the other hand, most of the maids drew attention for their beauty and elegance, but apparently, many of them had been in equally poor circumstances as Sylphy and were rescued by Emilia.

Ryuzu's sisters and the maids were also in the same position as Rem in that their lives were toyed with and tossed about by fate.

However, Ram responded to Rem's thoughts with “Well,” and then,

Ram: [Regardless of whether you have memories or not, once you decide to start walking down a new path, there is usually no choice but to start over from square one. Rem is no different.]

Rem: [Nee-sama…]

Ram: [No, that is a mistake. Rem is special. She is far too precious to Ram.]

Rem blushed and turned away, embarrassed by the amount of love she was being shown.

Of course, Rem also felt a strong affinity for Ram and overflowing love for her, but while Rem could only give one thing, she felt like she was receiving many times that from Ram, which made her feel uneasy.

With that feeling of unease still lingering, Rem and Ram continued their tour of Roswaal's mansion for a while.

And then eventually――,

Ram: [――Rem, this is your room.]

The guest rooms were not particularly noteworthy about the guest rooms compared to the other rooms in the mansion they saw, such as the reception area, dining room, large bath, secret training area, lounge, gardens, and balcony.

Given the size of the mansion, the room given to Rem, who was just a servant, was quite spacious, but that was about it.

Rem: [――――]

There was a large bed and a bookshelf filled with collections of poetry and picture storybooks. The writing desk was neatly tidied up, and a vase decorated with fresh flowers was placed on it.

Ram: [Once before, without realizing it, all of your personal belongings were tidied up, but Barusu pulled everything back out and put it all back where it was, saying that this was how Rem had it.]

Rem: [He…]

Rem stood in front of the bookshelf, with Ram telling her about Subaru's efforts.

Ram was generally known for her sharp rhetoric toward Subaru, and Rem often found herself nodding in agreement. However, the words she added just now were filled with nothing but sincerity, striking Rem to her core.

Rem removed a collection of poems and turned the pages. None of the poems were familiar, but they were probably poems that the former Rem cherished and enjoyed. Many of them dealt with love and romance, and it made her feel both amused and embarrassed about her past self's tastes.

Rem: [I was asleep for over a year.]

After putting the collection of poems back on the bookshelf, Rem sat down on the bed and gently stroked it, narrowing her eyes.

Unable to wake from her slumber and perform her duties as a maid, Rem's duties were taken over by Ram, Frederica, Petra, and others, who took care of the mansion and looked after the bedridden Rem every day. Even now, the pillows and sheets on her bed were kept clean, showing the care that went into their work.

Next to the bed, faint traces of discoloration on the floor indicated that a chair had been placed there for a long time. Rem imagined the scene of someone visiting her while she was asleep and talking to her.

It must have been Ram, Emilia, and――,

Rem: [――――]

Ram quietly sat down next to Rem on the bed. Rem closed her eyes and shook her head as Ram's gentle, light pink gaze looked at her profiled face.

It had not been asked, but she likely wanted to know.

There was nothing in this entire mansion, nothing in this entire room, that stirred Rem's memories. All that was here was a wealth of affection, things that made her feel loved, constantly serving as reminders to the amnesiac Rem that she had once been a truly fortunate person.

It was so deep and powerful that it brought tears to her eyes.

That was why――,

Rem: […Nee-sama, I'm really curious about something. What is that?]

Sunlight filtered through the trees, filling the room with soft warmth and a sense of kindness. In one corner of the room rested a mysterious object―― a spiked iron ball attached to a chain whose unusual appearance caught her eye.

In response to Rem's question, Ram released a soft “ah” as if she had realized something,

Ram: [That's a morning star.]

Rem: […Morning, star?]

Ram: [Yes. Barusu was the one who first started calling it that, and before long, it stuck… But apparently, it was something you treasured, Rem.]

Rem: [Me, that thing!?]

What was said was so different from her memories that had been recounted up until then, which made Rem and Ram exchange glances repeatedly, between Ram and the spiked iron ball―― the morning star.

After hearing that, Rem was almost convinced that it was just another one of Ram's playful jokes.

Ram: “Ram understands your doubts. But seeing Barusu preparing a special cloth and oil and polishing it every day, Ram thinks that it's too much effort for a trivial joke.]

Rem: [B-but, but, that person seems like the type who would do something so boring, right?]

Ram: [Yes, that is something that can't be denied.]

Perhaps because the discussion was already exhausted, Ram's response to Rem's rebuttal was tinged with resignation. Rem noticed Ram's demeanor, rose from the bed, and approached the morning star.

Rem: [I don't understand…]

Upon closer inspection, she noticed there was a handmade iron ball holder to prevent the spikes from scratching the floor, which showed great attention to detail. The cloth and oil container placed in the same spot confirmed Ram's words that Subaru polished it every day.

However, if one asked what does that mean, she could not say.

Rem: [This is probably just another one of that man's practical jokes――]

Like with the cross-dressing, it must have been just a malicious thing that sounded authentic, but was just a reflection of Subaru's tastes.

Having thought so, Rem bent down and touched the iron ball with her finger. ――In that instant.

Rem: [――Huh.]

Suddenly, Rem's vision distorted, and she involuntarily dropped to the floor. It was an undignified position, but she had no time to feel embarrassed.

Rem: [Uh…]

Even after falling on her rear, her vision spun around and around as the dizziness continued.

Even though she was there, she could no longer distinguish between the floor and the ceiling, and the world turned upside down. Her sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch, blended in confusion, causing her to see the air, smell the sounds, touch the smells, taste the colors, and hear the smells.

Rem: [――Ah, ug.]

Everything she felt blended together, stirred up, intermingling Rem's past, present, and future.

A mountain village, a flag emblazoned with a wolf pierced by a sword, the creaking sound of wheelchair wheels, a horde of flying dragons that darkend the sky, a hideous white whale flew through the night sky, and a broken horn danced through the twilight illuminated by flames, along with a boy pleading in despair, enraged, in tears, and smiling――.

Rem: [――――]

And then, the sensation of the world being completely remade suddenly burst like a bubble.

Rem: [――――]

Sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch, each one is seen, heard, smelled, tasted, and touched, informing one of the true nature of life.

Rem blinked once, twice, three times, as she felt the intense, burning sensation and the resulting palpitations sent blood rushing through every inch of her body.

She had no understanding of what had happened.

However――,

Rem: [I…Rem, am.]

Still seated on the floor, she touched her cheek with a trembling hand to confirm its presence.

The sensation of her fingertips lingering on her skin refused to fade. Fearful that she might crumble away like a delicate, fragile sandcastle, Rem could not bring herself to apply any more pressure to her fingers.

It felt as if she sought anything more, everything would disappear.

Rem: [――――]

Overcame by an unavoidable sense of anxiety and fear, Rem was enveloped by a warm sensation from behind.

Her breath caught in her throat, and she froze, unable to turn around. Rem was embraced by arms that wrapped around her from behind, and she found the opportunity to shift her thoughts and feelings away from herself.

And first to face her was the presence that embraced her from behind――,

Rem: [Nee-Sa――]

Ram: [――Wait.]

Rem: [――――]

Ram: [Don't turn around just yet. Right now, Ram is feeling disappointed in herself for the first time in her life.]

Rem was about to speak and turn around, but the other person stopped her, and she froze.

Ram, who was unable to look face-to-face with Rem, the arms she had wrapped around her, and the voice she had raised, were all quivering. This was too far removed from the Ram that Rem knew.

Rem had always seen Ram as a dignified, courageous, and imposing figure.

It was the same when they reunited in the Empire, on their journey together back to Roswaal's mansion, when she first started working at the mansion and was struggling with her newly broken horn, and when she fought fiercely against the Witch Cult in the burning village to protect the foolish Rem.

To Rem, Ram had always been perfect――.

Ram: [Sorry, Rem. This is so pathetic of me.]

Rem: [Nee-sama… What are…]

Ram: [How could,]

Rem: [――――]

Ram: [How could Ram be such a heartless older sister to go on living and forgetting about her beloved and precious Rem all this time?]

Rem's eyes widened at Ram's voice, filled with regret due to her overwhelming love. Then, ignoring all attempts to stop her, Rem turned around and faced Ram as she hugged her.

Ram: [――Hk.]

Ram stared at Rem with surprise, her pale pink eyes slightly moist. ――It was the face she had spent the most time looking at in her entire life, and her heart raced.

She was left convinced of how happy she was and how surrounded she was by things she loved.

Rem: [Nee-sama isn't heartless. Rem is the one who should be sorry. For so long, Rem has caused her older sister nothing but worry. Rem is a disgraceful sister.]

Ram: [Rem.]

Rem: [Rem remembers everything. How much Nee-sama cared for Rem, how much she sacrificed, and how she stayed with me until now. And…]

Ram: [Rem…]

Rem: [Rem is weak and pathetic, who only knows how to take, must Rem now do what is needed.]

Ram: [――Hk.]

Looking directly at Ram's face, Rem wiped the tears running down her cheeks with her finger and smiled. Then she reached out, pulled her sister's head closer, and hugged her to her chest.

Sitting flat on the floor, the two sisters gently embraced each other, cherishing each other. ――No, Ram had always cherished Rem. It was Rem who had been unable to do the same.

Rem: [Nee-sama, Rem loves you.]

Rem held Ram close, brought her lips close to Ram's ear, and conveyed her overflowing feelings. Feeling the warm tears slowly wet her chest, Rem continued to hold Ram, who was silently crying.

Finally, Rem wholeheartedly accepted their reunion, fulfilled in its fullest sense, and expressed her love with everything she had, both past and present selves.

Rem wanted to spend time with Ram like this until she felt satisfied and content.

If Rem could truly reclaim the time she lost with her sister―― there would be so many people to whom she would have to express her love and gratitude.

In particular, the first person that came to mind was a black-haired boy with mean-looking eyes――,

"--Subaru-kun"
Rem: [――Subaru-kun.]

愛を、伝えるために立ち上がらなければいけない。
To convey her love, she had to stand up.
 
自分はなんて幸せな理由で生かされているのだろうか。--そう、Remは思った。
What a wonderful reason she had for being alive. ――That was what Rem thought.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [――――]

The girl in the maid uniform bowed deeply, then looked up, and Petra gasped.

With wide eyes, their bodies frozen in place, Petra, Meili, and Emilia were all speechless at her appearance.

Amidst such involuntary silence, the first to speak was――,

???: [――Rem.]

The intangible imaginary Subaru stood motionless, looking at the same person as Petra.

His voice, filled with shock and disbelief, reached no one but Petra. Sadly, the girl who was the focus of everyone's attention could not see him, as he was translucent. Petra had no time to try to help the unnoticed “Subaru.”

However, “Subaru” was undoubtedly calling out correctly. ――Standing there was undoubtedly Rem, one whom he cherished dearly.

Petra: [――Ah.]

At that moment, sparks ran through Petra's mind, and the hazy field of consciousness gradually cleared.

The source of the attraction lay just before her eyes, and the images of memories that had been unconsciously pushed into the corner of her mind and covered with a veil of forgetfulness began to reappear in the corridor of her consciousness.

And so, she was struck by the sparkling impact of all the colorful images that were shown.

 ――The time Petra spent with her as “Petra” was not very long.

Frequently, a young maid would visit her village from Roswaal's mansion to run errands. Though they hardly interacted and had never exchanged a word, she became more expressive once Subaru started visiting the village. More importantly, she was the one who saved Petra's life. ――Ironically, it was Meili, who was controlling the Witchbeasts, who had endangered her life. In fact, Meili and her older sister seem to be overly fixated on targeting the lives of those connected to her.

That said, Petra did not have much contact with her.

Later, shortly after the start of the Royal Selection, she fell victim to the Sin Archbishop of Gluttony, and Petra, who was hired to fill her place, joined the Emilia camp as a maid.

In other words, without the tragedy that befell her, Petra would not be where she was today, which made for very complicated feelings――,

???: [Rem… Is that really you?]

It was as if someone had turned over a face-down card, and Petra was double-checking what was on it. One by one, her misunderstandings were replaced with understanding.

Beside her, Emilia called her name in a hesitant voice, blinking her eyes.

Emilia stepped forward and hesitated, opening and closing her lips several times as if searching for the right words,

Emilia: [Umm, sorry, that was a weird thing to say. I've known all along that Rem is Rem… But that's not what I meant to say.]

Rem: [Don't worry, Emilia-sama. Just calm down and take your time. Rem understands that this is all very sudden.]

Emilia: [――. Yes, thank you. But, there's so much I want to say.]

Rem: [But?]

Emilia: […That look suits you reaaally well. It makes you feel like Rem.]

Emilia placed her hand firmly on her chest and smiled at Rem, her amethyst eyes glistening. Rem raised her eyebrows slightly at Emilia's words, then nodded.

She proudly stuck out her chest in her maid uniform and,

Rem: [Nee-sama had this uniform made to suit Rem.]

In response to Rem's answer, Ram crossed her arms and nodded in satisfaction.

???: […What is this all of a sud~den?]

As Emilia and Rem exchanged words, Meili frowned and muttered.

Little crimson scorpions poked out from her hair and clicked their pincers as if worried about their master's reaction. Meili closed one eye and put her hand to her forehead,

Meili: [The moment I saw Ram onee-san's sister, I remembered how she crushed a whole pack of Ulgarm-cha~ns. But that wasn't what caused the job to f~ail…]

Rem: [Then, you should be grateful to Rem. Thanks to Rem, who messed up your job, there were no victims other than Barusu, and you are here now.]

Meili: [I have mixed feelings and am finding it difficult to express my grat~itude…]

Ram pointed this out while clutching her elbow, and Meili made a displeased face and stuck out her tongue.

While Ram's words were harsh, they were also true. In fact, there is no doubt that Meili, who was once an enemy, was accepted into Emilia's camp because her deeds caused minimal damage to the camp. ――Ironically, Ram's point that no victims other than Subaru were harmed was also correct from the perspective of Return by Death.

???: [As one could imagine, the moment we saw Rem, those who had known her before were flooded with memories. Recall. Both Ryuzu-sama and I were unable to contain our emotions. As a result, we were significantly delayed in rejoining everyone. Confession.]

Ram: [Clind's reaction was lacking and unexciting, but Ryuzu-sama's outburst was exaggerated and entertaining. This is a privilege for those who were there.]

Clind: [I see, it was quite a sight. You certainly did see something unusual. Agreement.]

Ram: [――. Ha!]

The revival of her memories among those surrounding Rem. ――No, given the nature of the Authority of Gluttony up until now, it should be called the return of her name.

When Clind touched on that point, she gave Ram a meaningful look, and she clearly looked away in dissatisfaction and laughed.

Upon closer inspection, Ram's slightly reddened eyes and Clind's remark may have been related.

However, Petra did not say anything. ――Not out of a sense of chivalry, but because she was unable to.

Rem: [――Petra-san?]

Suddenly, Rem, who had been the center of attention, saw Petra fall silent and stared at her wide-eyed. Emilia and the others also turned to look at Petra and were startled by her expression.

Their reaction was understandable. Petra, who had not uttered a word up until that point, was now crying profusely from her round eyes and desperately trying to suppress her sobs.

Emilia: [Petra-chan! What's wrong?! Why are you so upset――]

Petra: [――Hk.]

When her tear-strewn face was noticed, Petra pushed off the floor and ran away.

Surprised by Petra's tears, she dodged Emilia's arms as she tried to hug her, avoided Meili who was trying to grab her sleeve, slipped under Rom-jii's legs who was caught off guard by the situation, and with quick movements―― Petra jumped into Rem's chest, who was staring at her with wide eyes.

Then――,

Petra: [Rem――!]

Rem: [Kyaa!]

Rem did not dodge, and instead embraced Petra tightly. Petra tightly embraced Rem's slender body. Petra clung to Rem, reluctant to let go, and Rem blinked her eyes.

Petra: [Rem… Rem, Rem…!]

Rem's reaction left Petra in shambles, unable to stop the tears from flowing. Despite the resolve to never do it in front of others, she found herself sniffling, unable to tear herself away.

Rem looked around for help while she supported a tearful Petra,

Rem: [Um, were Petra-san and Rem really that close that she would cry this much, is it just that there is no memory of it, right…?]

And so, unable to have hidden her confusion, Rem had continued to gently stroke Petra’s head.
